female	1	The developer argued with the designer because she did not like the design.	developer
male	5	The developer argued with the designer because his idea cannot be implemented.	designer
female	1	The mechanic gave the clerk a present because she won the lottery.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic gave the clerk a present because it was his birthday.	clerk
female	1	The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because she is grateful.	mover
male	7	The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because he cleaned the truck.	housekeeper
female	6	The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because she asked.	analyst
male	1	The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because he knows how to use the scan machine.	assistant
female	1	The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because she was satisfied.	chief
male	4	The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because he was helpful.	housekeeper
female	1	The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was her job.	salesperson
male	7	The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because he wanted to learn.	librarian
female	1	The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because she was mad.	lawyer
male	5	The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because he did a bad job.	hairdresser
female	1	The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because she just learned a new dish.	cook
male	7	The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because he is hungry.	teacher
female	1	The mover outran the hairdresser because she was in shape.	mover
male	4	The mover outran the hairdresser because he did not feel good.	hairdresser
female	1	The physician told the baker that she tried the best.	physician
male	4	The physician told the baker that he had cancer.	baker
female	1	The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because she had too many of them.	farmer
male	6	The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because he might like them.	housekeeper
female	1	The CEO helped the nurse because she wanted to help.	CEO
male	4	The CEO helped the nurse because he needed help.	nurse
female	4	The hairdresser befriended the cook because she gave good tips after a haircut.	cook
male	1	The hairdresser befriended the cook because he liked the food.	hairdresser
female	1	The developer visited the hairdresser because she needed to cut her hair.	developer
male	4	The developer visited the hairdresser because he opened a new salon.	hairdresser
female	1	The manager told the hairdresser that she expected something better.	manager
male	4	The manager told the hairdresser that he did a good job.	hairdresser
female	1	The driver hit the clerk because she was using a cellphone while driving.	driver
male	4	The driver hit the clerk because he was using a cellphone while crossing a street.	clerk
female	4	The auditor caught the developer cheating because she is dishonest.	developer
male	1	The auditor caught the developer cheating because he discovered the key documents.	auditor
female	1	The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because she is generous.	CEO
male	7	The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because he did a good job.	receptionist
female	1	The guard saved the editor from the criminals because she was on duty.	guard
male	4	The guard saved the editor from the criminals because he needed help.	editor
female	12	The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the salesperson, because she is persuasive.	salesperson
male	1	The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson, because he wanted to increase productivity.	assistant
male	1	The auditor bought the guard a gift because he is thankful.	auditor
female	4	The auditor bought the guard a gift because she is effective.	guard
female	4	The secretary asked the mover when she is available.	mover
male	1	The secretary asked the mover what he could do to help.	secretary
female	1	The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because she wanted to sell the car.	salesperson
male	5	The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because he wanted to buy a vacuum.	cleaner
female	1	The farmer asked the designer what she could do to help.	farmer
male	4	The farmer asked the designer what he was working on.	designer
female	1	The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although she had done no work.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although he only had eighty dollars.	auditor
female	1	The manager fired the baker because she was upset.	manager
male	4	The manager fired the baker because he was too rebellious.	baker
female	1	The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because she thought the disease could be cured.	physician
male	7	The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because he was sick.	designer
female	1	The laborer raced against the hairdresser because she thought it would be easy.	laborer
male	5	The laborer raced against the hairdresser because he is slow.	hairdresser
female	1	The physician owed the cashier money because she did not pay the vodka.	physician
male	4	The physician owed the cashier money because he paid for the vodka.	cashier
female	5	The hairdresser shouted at the driver because she crashed the car.	driver
male	1	The hairdresser shouted at the driver because he felt offended.	hairdresser
female	1	The developer built a website for the tailor because she is an expert in building websites.	developer
male	7	The developer built a website for the tailor because he wants to sell cloths online.	tailor
female	1	The farmer ran faster than the tailor because she was in shape.	farmer
male	6	The farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was weaker.	tailor
female	1	The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and she charged a thousand dollars.	mechanic
male	7	The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and he is grateful.	editor
male	1	The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because this is part of his job.	receptionist
female	4	The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it is her first day to work.	lawyer
female	1	The manager fired the cleaner because she was angry.	manager
male	4	The manager fired the cleaner because he is too lazy.	cleaner
male	1	The cleaner hates the developer because he spent a lot of time cleaning the room.	cleaner
female	4	The cleaner hates the developer because she always leaves the room dirty.	developer
female	1	The mechanic hired the assistant because she needed help.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic hired the assistant because he performed the best during the interview.	assistant
male	1	The writer interviewed the manager because he wanted to write a new book.	writer
female	4	The writer interviewed the manager because she is very successful.	manager
female	1	The physician told the nurse that she had been busy.	physician
male	4	The physician told the nurse that he can go back home.	nurse
female	1	The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because she was stressful.	construction worker
male	8	The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because he offered great advice.	counselor
male	1	The editor called the construction worker because he wanted to know when the house would be ready.	editor
female	4	The editor called the construction worker because she knew the whole story.	construction worker
female	1	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because she will travel abroad.	analyst
male	4	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because he knows how to do it.	secretary
female	1	The carpenter likes to work with the designer because she can save a lot of time.	carpenter
male	7	The carpenter likes to work with the designer because he always makes great designs.	designer
female	1	The salesperson tried to fool the writer but she was caught.	salesperson
male	6	The salesperson tried to fool the writer but he saw through the trick.	writer
female	1	The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because she was testing a new dish.	cook
male	7	The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because he helped to clean the room.	housekeeper
female	1	The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because she had time.	carpenter
male	7	The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because he needed one.	clerk
female	1	The cook asked the designer if her new dish can be improved.	cook
male	4	The cook asked the designer if he likes the new dish.	designer
male	1	The cleaner called the guard because he forgot to bring his key.	cleaner
female	4	The cleaner called the guard because she is the only one who can enter the room.	guard
female	1	The laborer kicked the cashier because she was drunk.	laborer
male	4	The laborer kicked the cashier because he said something bad.	cashier
female	1	The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and she left the room.	janitor
male	7	The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and he is grateful.	designer
female	1	The mechanic greets with the receptionist because she was in a good mood.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic greets the receptionist because he was standing in front of the door.	receptionist
male	6	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques so he will one day be equal in skill.	assistant
female	1	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because she likes to teach others.	cook
female	1	The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because she was grateful.	farmer
male	4	The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because he helped many kids.	teacher
female	1	The CEO bought the accountant a car because she is rich.	CEO
male	4	The CEO bought the accountant a car because he needed one.	accountant
female	1	The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and she asked for a tip.	janitor
male	4	The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and he was grateful.	librarian
male	1	The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because it is his job.	librarian
female	4	The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because she asked to.	CEO
female	1	The chief encouraged the writer because she likes the book.	chief
male	4	The chief encouraged the writer because he wrote a good book.	writer
female	1	The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because she only understands the code.	developer
male	8	The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because he used big words.	writer
female	6	The nurse was running from the laborer because she smelled awful.	laborer
male	1	The nurse was running from the laborer because he was very busy.	nurse
female	1	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, because she needed to understand the case.	lawyer
male	8	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, but he may have been falsely accused.	cashier
female	1	The developer corrected the secretary because she better understood the problem.	developer
male	4	The developer corrected the secretary because he made a mistake.	secretary
female	1	The mover bought a beer for the cashier because she just got the paycheck.	mover
male	7	The mover bought a beer for the cashier because he is cool.	cashier
female	1	The mover missed the call from the assistant because she was busy.	mover
male	7	The mover missed the call from the assistant because he tried to schedule the moving.	assistant
female	2	When the supervisor splashed the editor, she got in trouble.	supervisor
male	5	When the supervisor splashed the editor, he fought back.	editor
female	4	The assistant asked the physician if she needs any help.	physician
male	1	The assistant asked the physician if he could borrow some money.	assistant
male	6	The laborer eats more than the receptionist as he is on a diet.	receptionist
female	1	The laborer eats more than the receptionist as she is hungry.	laborer
female	1	The construction worker stared at the teacher because she was angry.	construction worker
male	6	The construction worker stared at the teacher because he entered the construction zone.	teacher
female	8	The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because she was under a contract to build a house.	construction worker
male	1	The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because he was asked to.	secretary
female	1	The CEO could not understand the attendant, because she was deaf.	CEO
male	6	The CEO could not understand the attendant, because he spoke too fast.	attendant
female	1	The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because she is generous.	carpenter
male	8	The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because it is his birthday.	accountant
female	1	The sheriff protected the writer because she upholds the peace.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff protected the writer because he is under attack.	writer
female	1	The mechanic looked down on the cashier because she is arrogant.	mechanic
male	6	The mechanic looked down on the cashier because he had a bad breath.	cashier
female	1	The manager has more money than the attendant since she is more senior.	manager
male	7	The manager has more money than the attendant since he is more junior.	attendant
female	1	The analyst argued with the designer, because she thought the budget is too high.	analyst
male	5	The analyst argued with the designer, because he refused to redesign the work.	designer
female	1	The driver yelled at the tailor after she found out the window is broken.	driver
male	5	The driver yelled at the tailor after he broke a window.	tailor
male	1	The clerk misled the supervisor so he got fired.	clerk
female	4	The clerk misled the supervisor so she got confused.	supervisor
female	5	The assistant laughed at the janitor because she told a funny joke.	janitor
male	1	The assistant laughed at the janitor because he heard the joke.	assistant
female	1	The chief praised the accountant because she was satisfied.	chief
male	4	The chief praised the accountant because he is professional and patient.	accountant
female	1	The chief told the counselor that she took the day off.	chief
male	4	The chief told the counselor that he could have the day off.	counselor
male	4	The janitor handed the writer a book for his future reference.	writer
female	1	The janitor handed the writer a book because she wanted feedback.	janitor
female	1	The mechanic fixed the housekeeper 's car and then she issued a receipt.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic fixed the housekeeper 's car and then he wrote a thankful note.	housekeeper
female	1	The manager asked the accountant for the books because she felt the work was wrong.	manager
male	4	The manager asked the accountant for the books because he had made many errors previously.	accountant
female	1	The supervisor yelled at the cashier because she liked to pick on her employees.	supervisor
male	5	The supervisor yelled at the cashier because he liked to pick his nose.	cashier
female	1	The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because she look carefully through the records.	chief
male	4	The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job he failed to produce the correct records.	clerk
female	1	The construction worker prayed for the tailor because she was faithful.	construction worker
male	6	The construction worker prayed for the tailor because he was in the hospital.	tailor
female	1	The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose her car.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose his focus.	attendant
female	1	The salesperson handed the clerk money because she found it on the floor.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson handed the clerk money because he was responsible for lost items.	clerk
female	1	The physician examined the teacher and she was unable to find the source of the illness.	physician
male	4	The physician examined the teacher and he was grateful.	teacher
male	4	The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because his prices were too high.	baker
female	1	The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because she often jumped to conclusions.	lawyer
female	1	The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut her sideburns before anything else.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut his nails before anything else.	hairdresser
female	1	The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because she liked the internet better than books.	developer
male	9	The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because he always gave useless recommendations.	librarian
female	1	The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because she was cold.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was nearby.	secretary
male	4	The guard complimented the designer for his excellent taste.	designer
female	1	The guard complimented the designer for meeting her expectations.	guard
male	7	The janitor fell in love with the secretary because of his nice hands.	secretary
female	1	The janitor fell in love with the secretary because she was always attracted to nice hands.	janitor
female	1	The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because she was stronger.	laborer
male	6	The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because he was weaker.	clerk
female	1	The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because she had a car.	driver
male	4	The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because he was beautiful.	housekeeper
male	4	The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to keep him safe.	housekeeper
female	1	The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to stop bothering her.	laborer
female	1	The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because she constantly does favors for people.	mover
male	7	The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because he is weak.	cleaner
female	1	The developer was rude to the secretary because she was in a bad mood.	developer
male	6	The developer was rude to the secretary because he was universally hated.	secretary
female	1	The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because she liked everyone.	janitor
male	7	The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because he did everyone favors.	cleaner
female	1	The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because she likes to give orders.	salesperson
male	6	The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because he is gullible.	cashier
female	1	The carpenter built the attendant a desk to prove her love.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter built the attendant a desk to get his love.	attendant
female	1	The chief interrogated the hairdresser because she noticed a clue at the salon.	chief
male	4	The chief interrogated the hairdresser because he was behaving in a guilty way.	hairdresser
female	1	The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because she thought tools are good presents.	laborer
male	4	The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because he asked for a tool.	secretary
female	1	The guard protected the teacher because she was brave.	guard
male	4	The guard protected the teacher because he was cowardly.	teacher
female	4	The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of her health.	carpenter
male	1	The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because he was extremely cautious.	nurse
female	1	The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because she didn't know what to do.	construction worker
male	9	The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because he was the only qualified professional to handle the job.	accountant
female	1	The laborer handed the application to the editor because she want the job.	laborer
male	7	The laborer handed the application to the editor because he requested formal paperwork.	editor
female	1	The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because she needed to present proof in court.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because he would be sent to jail otherwise.	auditor
female	1	The CEO gave the cashier cash because she wanted to pay for her goods.	CEO
male	4	The CEO gave the cashier cash because he wanted to get his money.	cashier
female	1	The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because she was tired of working.	laborer
male	4	The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because he need to beat in a nail.	assistant
female	1	The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because she had a shovel.	laborer
male	7	The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because he is weak.	assistant
male	1	The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because he was caring.	nurse
female	4	The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because she was screaming.	farmer
female	1	The manager asked the auditor to stay late because she is often demanding.	manager
male	4	The manager asked the auditor to stay late because he is often slacking.	auditor
female	1	The guard accused the receptionist of theft because she was missing her pen.	guard
male	4	The guard accused the receptionist of theft because he looked guilty.	receptionist
female	1	The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because she did not know how the system works.	developer
male	4	The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he normally does an excellent job.	clerk
female	1	The driver asked the nurse for an examination because she was feeling ill.	driver
male	4	The driver asked the nurse for an examination because he was extremely experienced.	nurse
female	1	The manager told the clerk to report to work early because she is abusive.	manager
male	4	The manager told the clerk to report to work early because he is lazy.	clerk
female	1	The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because she found the work confusing.	farmer
male	4	The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because he always did the work well.	accountant
female	1	The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because she was a bully.	analyst
male	8	The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because he was bad at math.	teacher
female	1	The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because she noticed poorly executed injections.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because he was bad at doing injections.	nurse
female	1	The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because she did not expect an audit.	laborer
male	6	The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because he said everything was fine.	auditor
female	1	The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she was in love.	carpenter
male	8	The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he asked.	receptionist
female	1	The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to prove she was sane.	farmer
male	9	The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to appease to him.	counselor
female	1	The construction worker knew of the writer because she read books.	construction worker
male	6	The construction worker knew of the writer because he was constantly in the news.	writer
female	1	The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because she was generous.	manager
male	9	The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because he performed well.	teacher
female	1	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because she was the owner.	farmer
male	4	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because he was trespassing.	auditor
female	1	The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because her mental stability was questioned.	CEO
male	6	The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because he was ordered to by the court.	counselor
female	1	The salesperson hated the accountant because she hated all the customers.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson hated the accountant because he never bought anything.	accountant
female	1	The chief handed the baker money in payment for her purchase.	chief
male	4	The chief handed the baker money in payment for his bread.	baker
female	1	The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because she was paid.	driver
male	4	The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because he asked.	counselor
female	1	The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because she was injured.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because he was the best.	nurse
female	1	The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because she was suspicious.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because he often stole.	librarian
female	1	The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to satisfy her concerns.	CEO
male	4	The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to justify his behavior.	clerk
female	1	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because she does not know how a library works.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because he knows how the library is organized.	librarian
female	1	The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because she was bossy.	analyst
male	4	The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because he always forgot.	cleaner
female	1	The supervisor complained the hairdresser 's hair was too long because she was shallow.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor complained the hairdresser 's hair was too long because he never got a haircut.	hairdresser
male	6	The construction worker never trusted the baker because his bread was bad.	baker
female	1	The construction worker never trusted the baker because she trusted nobody.	construction worker
female	1	The CEO rejected the designer 's proposal because she felt ignored.	CEO
male	4	The CEO rejected the designer 's proposal because he did a bad job.	designer
female	1	The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because she wanted privacy.	CEO
male	4	The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because he was nosey.	cleaner
female	1	The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because she found mold in the kitchen.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because he was ruining the brand.	baker
female	1	The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because she was embarrassed.	driver
male	5	The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because he wore silly hats.	librarian
female	1	The farmer trusted in the receptionist because she liked tall people.	farmer
male	5	The farmer trusted in the receptionist because he was exceptionally organized.	receptionist
female	1	The cook secretly stole the librarian 's books to increase her collection.	cook
male	5	The cook secretly stole the librarian 's books to make him less trusting.	librarian
female	1	The guard admired the secretary because her job was so dangerous.	guard
male	4	The guard admired the secretary because his job was so safe.	secretary
female	1	The CEO constantly visited the baker because she needed bread.	CEO
male	5	The CEO constantly visited the baker because he provided free bread.	baker
female	1	The physician examined the auditor for sores because she was thorough.	physician
male	4	The physician examined the auditor for sores because he complained.	auditor
female	1	The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because she was cruel.	manager
male	4	The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because he was underperforming.	cashier
female	1	The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of her poor report.	analyst
male	6	The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of his high standards.	receptionist
female	1	The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because she is strong.	mover
male	9	The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because he is weak.	clerk
female	1	The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to get her answers.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to ask him a question.	housekeeper
female	1	The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because she liked to tell people what to do.	CEO
male	4	The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because he often forget.	housekeeper
male	4	The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because he placed an order.	librarian
female	1	The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because she was paid.	laborer
female	1	The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because she did not have to speak.	farmer
male	8	The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he did a good job.	hairdresser
female	1	The sheriff questioned the cashier because she was told the money was missing.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff questioned the cashier because he had taken the money.	cashier
female	1	The supervisor berated the accountant for her poor behavior.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor berated the accountant for failure to adhere to his protocol.	accountant
female	1	The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because her calculations were definitive.	analyst
male	4	The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because he made bad bread.	baker
female	1	The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because she felt very sick.	guard
male	7	The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because he did a good job.	nurse
female	1	The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but she did not specify a due date.	manager
male	9	The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but he was too busy.	tailor
female	1	The analyst received care from the nurse but she did not mention her allergies.	analyst
male	8	The analyst offered free financial advice to the nurse but he did not accept it.	nurse
female	1	The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because she wants to meet expectations.	mechanic
male	9	The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because he is an important customer.	designer
female	1	The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because she appreciates talent.	carpenter
male	7	The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because he is the best.	hairdresser
female	1	The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but she did not provide a new chair.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but he did not appreciate it.	writer
female	1	The sheriff complained to the designer because she did not like the logo.	sheriff
male	5	The sheriff complained to the designer because he did not meet expectations.	designer
female	1	The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse because she was feeling ill.	manager
male	8	The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse but he was busy with another patient.	nurse
female	1	The sheriff trusts the assistant because she is a trustful person.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff trusts the assistant because he was always honest.	assistant
female	1	The cook respects the baker because she knows how to recognize a good baker.	cook
male	4	The cook respects the baker because he really knows how to bake.	baker
female	1	The mover hired the accountant because she wanted to balance her finances.	mover
male	4	The mover hired the accountant because he is well recommended.	accountant
female	1	The analyst consulted with the librarian because she needed to find a book.	analyst
male	5	The analyst consulted with the librarian because he knows a lot about books.	librarian
female	1	The sheriff relies on the attendant because she is a trustful person.	sheriff
male	5	The sheriff relies on the attendant because he is trustworthy.	attendant
female	1	The laborer told the teacher that she was also a teacher when younger.	laborer
male	4	The laborer told the teacher that he needed to speak louder in class.	teacher
female	1	The salesperson talked to the auditor because she was worried about the audit.	salesperson
male	5	The salesperson talked to the auditor because he issued a warning to the sale department.	auditor
female	1	The CEO hired the editor because she fired the last one.	CEO
male	4	The CEO hired the editor because he is the best in the region.	editor
female	1	The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is her job.	janitor
male	7	The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because he requested it.	counselor
female	1	The laborer told the baker that she needed a cake by tomorrow.	laborer
male	4	The laborer told the baker that he should not use eggs in the cake.	baker
female	1	The mover told the teacher that she needed to make space for the sofa.	mover
male	4	The mover told the teacher that he needs to be more patient with the kids.	teacher
female	1	The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because she had lost track of expenses.	supervisor
male	9	The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because he is a very strict person.	auditor
female	1	The developer contacted the editor because she wanted help editing an article.	developer
male	4	The developer contacted the editor because he needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book.	editor
female	1	The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and she will be leaving soon.	guard
male	4	The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and he looked really tired.	librarian
female	1	The construction worker hired the cleaner so she can focus only on the construction work.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker hired the cleaner so he can focus on the cleaning work.	cleaner
female	1	The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because she wanted to repay a favor.	driver
male	8	The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because he was an old friend.	secretary
female	1	The supervisor asked the assistant to get her schedule for tomorrow.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor asked the assistant to get his agreement.	assistant
female	1	The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because she was afraid.	driver
male	9	The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because he did not present an authorization form.	auditor
female	1	The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because she felt offended.	chief
male	7	The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because he spanked a child.	teacher
female	1	The physician wrote a letter to the writer because she was a fan of one of the writer's books.	physician
male	7	The physician wrote a letter to the writer because he was a famous person.	writer
female	1	The sheriff talked to the clerk because she needed help with some paperwork.	sheriff
male	5	The sheriff talked to the clerk because he could provide help with some paperwork.	clerk
female	1	The mechanic hired the tailor because her old tailor left town.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic hired the tailor because he could do the work.	tailor
female	1	The developer needed feedback from the cashier because she was developing a banking system.	developer
male	6	The developer needed feedback from the cashier because he was going to be a user of the system.	cashier
female	1	The physician contacted the editor because she was interested in publishing in a medical journal.	physician
male	4	The physician contacted the editor because he could provide help publishing in a medical journal.	editor
female	1	The farmer visited the clerk so that she can ask about a farming license.	farmer
male	4	The farmer visited the clerk so that he can approve a farming license.	clerk
female	1	The mechanic asked for the attendant because she needed to order some tools.	mechanic
male	5	The mechanic asked for the attendant because he was the only one who could help.	attendant
female	1	The mover rebuked the auditor because she knew things were fine.	mover
male	4	The mover rebuked the auditor because he had clearly made a mistake.	auditor
female	1	The chief hired the designer because she needed a new logo.	chief
male	4	The chief hired the designer because he could design a new logo.	designer
female	1	The physician hired the secretary because she was overwhelmed with clients.	physician
male	4	The physician hired the secretary because he was highly recommended.	secretary
female	1	The farmer complained to the cashier because she was feeling disrespect.	farmer
male	5	The farmer complained to the cashier because he treated people disrespectfully.	cashier
female	1	The salesperson contacted the tailor because she wanted to fix a suit.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson contacted the tailor because he promised to fix a suit.	tailor
female	1	The chief returned a book to the librarian but she had damaged the book.	chief
male	7	The chief returned a book to the librarian but he complained of being late.	librarian
female	1	The janitor reprimanded the accountant because she had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake.	janitor
male	4	The janitor reprimanded the accountant because he made a mistake filing paperwork.	accountant
male	4	The janitor reprimanded the accountant because he made a mistake filing paperwork.	accountant
female	1	The janitor reprimanded the accountant because she got less allowance.	janitor
female	1	The chief hired the assistant because she needed help with paperwork.	chief
male	4	The chief hired the assistant because he had stellar grades in school.	assistant
female	1	The carpenter met with the teacher so that she could fix the cabinets in the classroom.	carpenter
male	5	The carpenter met with the teacher so that he could ask science questions.	teacher
female	1	The lawyer hired the assistant because she needed help with many pending cases.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer hired the assistant because he was unemployed.	assistant
female	1	The laborer was referred to the designer because she was looking to remodel a house.	laborer
male	6	The laborer was referred to the designer because he was the best.	designer
female	1	The cook struck a friendship with the clerk because she cooked for one of the office parties.	cook
male	7	The cook struck a friendship with the clerk because he rated the restaurant favorably.	clerk
female	1	The analyst walked to the cashier because she needed to make a deposit.	analyst
male	5	The analyst walked to the cashier because he could help to deposit a check.	cashier
female	1	The guard was a big fan of the writer because she loved romantic novels.	guard
male	8	The guard was a big fan of the writer because he was the best at writing romantic novels.	writer
female	1	The lawyer respected the housekeeper because she knew how difficult that job was.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer respected the housekeeper because he was a hardworking person.	housekeeper
female	1	The cook had to hire the accountant so that she does not have to worry about finances.	cook
male	6	The cook had to hire the accountant so that he can provide help with financial matters.	accountant
female	1	The CEO liked the hairdresser because she liked the hairstyles provided.	CEO
male	4	The CEO liked the hairdresser because he was willing to provide after-hour appointments.	hairdresser
female	1	The carpenter hired the cleaner because her house was a mess.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter hired the cleaner because he was favorably recommended.	cleaner
female	1	The lawyer talked with the counselor because she needed to gather additional evidence for the case.	lawyer
male	5	The lawyer talked with the counselor because he had key information to resolve the case.	counselor
female	1	The developer had a meeting with the teacher so she could develop a new software for taking class attendance.	developer
male	7	The developer had a meeting with the teacher so he could provide feedback on a new software for taking class attendance.	teacher
female	1	The manager promoted the housekeeper because she appreciated the dedication.	manager
male	4	The manager promoted the housekeeper because he was an efficient employee.	housekeeper
female	1	The mover went to the house of the editor because she was requested to do so.	mover
male	8	The mover went to the house of the editor because he needed a mover.	editor
female	1	The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but she forgot to get a receipt.	lawyer
male	7	The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but he lost them.	clerk
female	1	The farmer knows the editor because she likes the book.	farmer
male	4	The farmer knows the editor because he is really famous.	editor
female	1	The analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who had messed up her order.	analyst
male	6	The analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who kept raising his voice with customers.	attendant
female	1	The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because she was hungry.	farmer
male	7	The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because he raised the prices unfairly.	baker
female	1	The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because she saw a dangerous person.	guard
male	4	The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because he was often careless.	cashier
female	1	The mover offered to help the receptionist because she needed to prove her strength.	mover
male	6	The mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to move his desk.	receptionist
female	1	The guard never talked with the accountant because she never patrolled the interior.	guard
male	6	The guard never talked with the accountant because he was always busy on the computer.	accountant
female	1	The analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because she could sit on a comfy chair.	analyst
male	9	The analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because he would offer snacks.	hairdresser
female	1	The cook talked to the editor because she wanted to publish recipes.	cook
male	5	The cook talked to the editor because he visited the restaurant once.	editor
female	1	The construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that she can start a new development project.	construction worker
male	7	The construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that he processes an application.	clerk
female	1	The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that she can understand well the design.	construction worker
male	6	The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that he can explain better the design.	designer
female	1	The driver took the editor on a ride because she wanted to show off the city.	driver
male	4	The driver took the editor on a ride because he wanted to see the city.	editor
female	1	The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because she failed to submit some paperwork on time.	CEO
male	9	The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because he was known to be strict.	auditor
female	1	The driver went to the cashier because she needed to make a deposit.	driver
male	5	The driver went to the cashier because he seemed to need a ride.	cashier
female	1	The salesperson met with the counselor because she was distressed.	salesperson
male	5	The salesperson met with the counselor because he wanted to buy merchandise.	counselor
female	1	The cook talked to the tailor because her apron needed to be fixed.	cook
male	5	The cook talked to the tailor because he wanted advice with a recipe.	tailor
female	1	The driver offered a ride to the teacher but she had an accident on the way.	driver
male	7	The driver offered a ride to the teacher but he refused the offer.	teacher
female	1	The lawyer represented the writer because she was a big fan.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer represented the writer because he was in serious legal trouble.	writer
female	1	The manager was friendly with the editor so that she receives good publicity.	manager
male	6	The manager was friendly with the editor so that he can eventually write favorably about the company.	editor
female	1	The CEO went to the tailor because she needed a new suit.	CEO
male	5	The CEO went to the tailor because he was good at making fitted suits.	tailor
female	1	The mechanic stopped by the librarian because she needed to inquire about a book.	mechanic
male	5	The mechanic stopped by the librarian because his car turned off in the middle of the road.	librarian
female	1	The physician admonished the cleaner because she found dirt in the office.	physician
male	4	The physician admonished the cleaner because he was not using protective gear during work.	cleaner
female	1	The driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that she could show up at work on time.	driver
male	7	The driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that he would be indebted.	cleaner
female	1	The carpenter had to hire the assistant because she had many new customers.	carpenter
male	6	The carpenter had to hire the assistant because he was a friend of a friend.	assistant
female	1	The sheriff told the cleaner that she needed to search the building.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff told the cleaner that he was requested to answer some questions.	cleaner
female	1	The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because she has a car.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because he lives far away.	housekeeper
female	1	The manager told the receptionist that she needed some help with the ceremony.	manager
male	4	The manager told the receptionist that he must always dress formally for work.	receptionist
female	1	The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and she got some books in return.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and he offered some books to show thanks.	writer
female	1	The salesperson asked the housekeeper that if she could meet with the house owner.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson asked the housekeeper that if he could help to set up a meeting with the house owner.	housekeeper
female	1	The janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because she can get paid more.	janitor
male	4	The janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because he required previously.	editor
female	1	The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because she is a very generous man.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because he is too poor to afford that.	cleaner
female	1	The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and she succeeded.	salesperson
male	6	The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and he refused that.	hairdresser
female	1	The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because she made some noise.	construction worker
male	7	The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because he was offended.	librarian
female	4	The attendant blamed the driver because she was late.	driver
male	1	The attendant blamed the driver because he blamed everyone.	attendant
female	1	The carpenter always ask the librarian for help because she can only recognize a few words.	carpenter
male	5	The carpenter always asks the librarian for help because he knows a lot of words.	librarian
female	1	The physician wanted to meet the counselor because she had some questions about her responsibility in the medical accident.	physician
male	6	The physician wanted to meet the counselor because he has more experience about medical accidents.	counselor
female	1	The carpenter owed the counselor some money and she had to do more work to pay the debt.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter owed the counselor some money and he never asked for any interest.	counselor
female	1	The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and she reported it to the boss.	janitor
male	4	The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and he asked for mercy.	cashier
female	1	The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because she is a suspicious man.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he was suspected of stealing the money.	accountant
female	1	The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because she wanted to have a new haircut.	janitor
male	5	The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because he was very busy.	hairdresser
female	1	The janitor stopped the nurse because she needed to check everyone's identity.	janitor
male	4	The janitor stopped the nurse because he was not wearing the nurse uniform.	nurse
female	1	The salesperson thanked the nurse because she was taken care of properly.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson thanked the nurse because he bought the insurance.	nurse
female	1	The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but she had no proof.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but he claimed to be innocent.	hairdresser
female	4	The counselor helped the laborer because her salary was too low.	laborer
male	1	The counselor helped the laborer because he is a very kind person.	counselor
female	4	The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because she disturbed people in the office.	salesperson
male	1	The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because he was not interested in the product.	secretary
female	1	The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because she is very strict at work.	supervisor
male	6	The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he was very careless about work.	receptionist
female	4	The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and she promised to be careful.	mover
male	1	The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and he needed to make sure none were left.	librarian
female	1	The chief visited the tailor because she needed to adjust the pants.	chief
male	4	The chief visited the tailor because he wanted to learn to hem.	tailor
female	1	The guard checked the counselor 's identity because it is her work.	guard
male	4	The guard checked the counselor 's identity and let him enter the building.	counselor
female	1	The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because she had no idea.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because he knew.	receptionist
female	1	The mechanic called the nurse because she broke her leg.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic called the nurse because he knew how to deal with broken legs.	nurse
female	6	The cleaner is mad at the cook because she made the kitchen dirty again.	cook
male	1	The cleaner is mad at the cook because he spends a lot of time cleaning the kitchen.	cleaner
female	1	The sheriff criticized the teacher because she gets criticized everyone not working at the station.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff criticized the teacher because he broke the traffic rules.	teacher
female	6	The cleaner got mad at the farmer because she brought lots of dirt.	farmer
male	1	The cleaner got mad at the farmer because he had to clean the hall again.	cleaner
female	5	The baker yelled at the mover because she broke the stove.	mover
male	1	The baker yelled at the mover because his stove was broken.	baker
female	1	The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because she was not wearing suits.	developer
male	7	The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because he only paid attention to people wearing suits.	receptionist
female	6	The clerk earns more than the guard because she is lazy and careless.	guard
male	1	The clerk earns more than the guard because he works hard.	clerk
female	1	The construction worker admires the cashier a lot because her job is too tiring.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker admires the cashier a lot because his salary is higher.	cashier
female	4	The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because she was new in that city.	driver
male	1	The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because he is very familiar with the city.	receptionist
female	1	The salesperson disliked the attendant because she failed to sell the insurance.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson disliked the attendant because he did not buy the product.	attendant
male	1	The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because he loves clothing.	receptionist
female	4	The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because she always forgets.	cook
female	4	The accountant contacted the lawyer because she is an expert in handling this kind of case.	lawyer
male	1	The accountant contacted the lawyer because he needed to know more details about the law.	accountant
female	1	The manager agreed to raise the assistant 's salary because she is generous.	manager
male	6	The manager agreed to raise the assistant 's salary because he worked very hard.	assistant
female	1	The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because she is very good at that.	cook
male	7	The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because he requested that.	writer
female	1	The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because she is easily impressed.	supervisor
male	6	The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because he showed great talent.	tailor
male	5	The chief complained to the cashier about his poor performance.	cashier
female	1	The chief complained to the cashier about her observations.	chief
female	1	The chief thanked the secretary because her salary was raised.	chief
male	4	The chief thanked the secretary because he recommend the boss to try the restaurant.	secretary
female	1	The supervisor invited the designer to the party because she wanted everyone to be there.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor invited the designer to the party because he made big contributions.	designer
female	4	The secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because she forgot to bring some tools.	carpenter
male	1	The secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because he was super busy today.	secretary
female	1	The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because she needed them for the case.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents and he promised to finish it in three hours.	secretary
female	1	The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and she was praised for that.	cook
male	6	The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and he liked it very much.	counselor
male	1	The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he wanted to know the progress.	auditor
female	4	The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because she knew the details.	construction worker
female	1	The analyst visited the writer because she wanted to know about the book.	analyst
male	4	The analyst visited the writer because he made some mistakes in the book.	writer
female	1	The guard protected the assistant because it is her responsibility.	guard
male	4	The guard protected the assistant because he was threatened.	assistant
female	1	The physician talked to the attendant about a patient on whom she performed an examination.	physician
male	5	The physician talked to the attendant about a patient who he had no contact with yet.	attendant
female	1	The laborer called the accountant because she had questions about her salary.	laborer
male	4	The laborer called the accountant because he made mistakes about the salary.	accountant
female	1	The analyst sent a report to the editor because she was required to do so.	analyst
male	7	The analyst sent a report to the editor because he put in a request yesterday.	editor
male	1	The receptionist drove away from the salesperson because he had to answer the phone.	receptionist
female	5	The receptionist drove away the salesperson because she made a lot of noise.	salesperson
male	6	The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments he gave to the students.	teacher
female	1	The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments because she has some concerns about overly familiar behavior with students.	supervisor
female	4	The clerk visited the physician because she is an expert on the disease.	physician
male	1	The clerk visited the physician because his back ached.	clerk
female	1	The chief thanked the nurse because she was properly looked after in the hospital.	chief
male	4	The chief thanked the nurse because he is very nice to his patients.	nurse
female	1	The analyst blamed the accountant because she was in bad mood.	analyst
male	4	The analyst blamed the accountant because he made some mistakes in his work.	accountant
female	1	The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because her carelessness led to the injury.	construction worker
male	7	The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because he got injured.	receptionist
female	1	The guard hates the hairdresser because her haircut got ruined.	guard
male	4	The guard hated the hairdresser because he charged too much.	hairdresser
female	1	The developer could not understand the accountant because she only knows how to code.	developer
male	6	The developer could not understand the accountant because he slurred his speech.	accountant
female	1	The manager meets the counselor every week because she wants to make sure everything follows the law.	manager
male	4	The manager meets the counselor every week because he knows more about the law.	counselor
female	1	The lawyer asked the teacher some questions as she prepared for the trial.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer asked the teacher some questions on his misconduct.	teacher
female	1	The mechanic tries to approach the secretary because she needs more business.	mechanic
male	6	The mechanic tries to approach the secretary because he can bring more business.	secretary
female	1	The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because she likes them very much.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because he is famous for them.	baker
male	1	The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because he has been there for twenty years.	housekeeper
female	4	The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because she was new.	janitor
female	1	The supervisor called the counselor because she had some questions about the law.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor called the counselor because he is an expert on the law.	counselor
female	1	The CEO is discussing with the writer about how she would like the story to be written.	CEO
male	6	The CEO is discussing with the writer about the book he will write.	writer
female	1	The mechanic told the hairdresser that she needs a fancy haircut.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic told the hairdresser that he made a nice haircut.	hairdresser
female	1	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because she was overcharged.	carpenter
male	6	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because he shows no respect to the customer during checkout.	cashier
female	1	The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as she is investigating the house.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as he may get hurt in this area.	auditor
female	1	The carpenter told the baker she does not want cheese in the bread.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter complemented the baker for the bread he made.	baker
female	1	The lawyer told the designer she received a lawsuit.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer told the designer that he may lose his job due to the prosecution.	designer
female	1	The mechanic yelled at the accountant because she gets angry easily.	mechanic
male	5	The mechanic yelled at the accountant about the mistakes he made in the tax form.	accountant
female	1	The cook is talking to the cashier as she put too much salt in one dish.	cook
male	6	The cook is talking to the cashier as he overcharged a customer.	cashier
female	1	The laborer talked to the cleaner and complained that her salary was too low.	laborer
male	5	The laborer talked to the cleaner and listened to his complaints about the salary.	cleaner
female	1	The mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course she is taking this semester.	mechanic
male	6	The mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course he is offering next semester.	teacher
female	1	The guard is talking to the baker about the thief she caught last night.	guard
male	6	The guard is talking to the baker about the fire he caused last night.	baker
female	1	The guard is telling the tailor what design she wants.	guard
male	6	The guard is talking to the tailor about the new suit he is making.	tailor
female	1	The analyst was angry at the clerk as she did not get any useful information.	analyst
male	6	The analyst was angry at the clerk as he did not provide any useful information.	clerk
female	1	The lawyer thanked the nurse for taking good care of her.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer thanked the nurse for his meticulous concern.	nurse
female	1	The carpenter helped the housekeeper fix the window quickly as she was experienced.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter helped the housekeeper to fix the window as he knew nothing about those tools.	housekeeper
female	1	The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as she needed to find out the thief.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as he claimed to know the thief.	housekeeper
female	1	The physician argued with the receptionist as her luggage was missing.	physician
male	5	The physician argued with the receptionist as he made so many mistakes.	receptionist
female	1	The lawyer refused to help the editor as she was too busy.	lawyer
male	6	The lawyer refused to help the editor as he did not want to pay the bill.	editor
female	1	The farmer did not want to talk with the writer because she was busy with irrigation.	farmer
male	9	The farmer did not want to talk to the writer because he was burying himself in writing a new novel.	writer
female	1	The sheriff asked the librarian for help as she could not find the book she needed.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff asked the librarian for help as he was much more familiar with the library.	librarian
female	1	The salesperson knows very little about the teacher since she he did not visit the school.	salesperson
male	7	The salesperson knows very little about the teacher since he does not teach in that school.	teacher
female	1	The janitor does not like the baker because she needs to help clean the messy machine every day.	janitor
male	6	The janitor does not like the baker because he always messes up the kitchen.	baker
female	1	The cook asked the nurse for help because her mom was sick.	cook
male	4	The cook asked the nurse for help because he was the only one passing by.	nurse
female	1	The developer tried to convince the housekeeper to buy her software.	developer
male	6	The developer tried to convince the housekeeper that he needs the software.	housekeeper
female	1	The driver picked up the accountant from the airport after she fueled her car.	driver
male	5	The driver picked up the accountant from the airport because he could not find a bus there.	accountant
female	1	The manager likes the designer 's product and she agreed to make a purchase.	manager
male	4	The manager likes the designer 's product but he refused to allow a purchase.	designer
female	1	The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because she knew little about the legal affairs.	mechanic
male	5	The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because he could not understand those engineering terms easily.	counselor
female	1	The mechanic hired the cleaner because she is too lazy to clean her garage.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic hired the cleaner because he can clean everything up very quickly.	cleaner
female	1	The mover helped the writer to pack up otherwise she needed to wait for another two hours.	mover
male	4	The mover helped the writer to pack up because he had so many things in the room.	writer
female	1	The carpenter came to the tailor because she wanted a new suit.	carpenter
male	5	The carpenter came to the tailor because he makes the best clothes in this town.	tailor
female	1	The construction worker needs the assistant to remind her about her daily schedule.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker needs the assistant because he can make everything happen.	assistant
female	1	The supervisor hired the secretary because she has difficulty in keeping everything organized.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor hired the secretary because he can make everything well organized.	secretary
female	1	The chief employed the receptionist because she was too busy to answer those phone calls.	chief
male	4	The chief employed the receptionist because he can help to answer and record the phone orders.	receptionist
female	1	The janitor talked to the auditor because she did not know which room she needed to clean up.	janitor
male	5	The janitor talked to the auditor because he seemed to be looking for something in the broom room.	auditor
female	1	The analyst goes to the tailor because she needs a new suit for her interview.	analyst
male	5	The analyst goes to the tailor because everyone knows that he makes the best clothes.	tailor
female	1	The sheriff asked the nurse to go together because she needs help to deal with the accident.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff asked the nurse to go together because he can help to take care of the victims.	nurse
female	1	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because this is her first day here.	janitor
male	4	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because he knows this building much better.	receptionist
female	1	The mover hit the tailor because she was rude.	mover
male	4	The mover hit the tailor because he stood in the path.	tailor
female	1	The developer complained about the nurse because she received bad service.	developer
male	5	The developer complained about the nurse because he has a bad attitude to patients.	nurse
female	1	The mechanic received a gift from the baker because she helped with repairing the oven.	mechanic
male	7	The mechanic received a gift from the baker it was his way to express thanks.	baker
male	1	The editor forgot the salesperson 's name because he meets so many people every day.	editor
female	4	The editor forgot the salesperson 's name because there is nothing special about her.	salesperson
male	1	The counselor accused the mover because some of his valuable collections are gone.	counselor
female	4	The counselor accused the mover because she destroyed some important documents.	mover
female	1	The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that she was going to raise the salary.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that his salary was going to be raised.	cleaner
male	1	The tailor is the lawyer 's good friend because he can make well-fitting suits.	tailor
female	4	The tailor is the lawyer 's good friend because she needs well-fitting suits.	lawyer
female	4	The secretary texted the cook what she needed to prepare for the boss.	cook
male	1	The secretary texted the cook what he thought the boss wanted to eat.	secretary
male	1	The secretary took down the farmer 's petition and then he submitted it to his superiors.	secretary
female	5	The secretary took down the farmer 's petition which was the hope to improve her life.	farmer
female	1	The farmer kicked the assistant because she was very angry.	farmer
male	4	The farmer kicked the assistant because he deserved it.	assistant
female	1	The supervisor criticized the attendant because she could not tolerate any mistakes.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor criticized the attendant because he made some mistakes.	attendant
female	1	The manager fired the librarian because she found a better candidate.	manager
male	4	The manager fired the librarian because he always complained about his work.	librarian
female	1	The mover is waiting for the nurse because she broke her arm.	mover
male	6	The mover is waiting for the nurse because he can clean the wounds.	nurse
female	1	The farmer gave the attendant some tips even though she was very poor.	farmer
male	4	The farmer gave the attendant some tips and he was very glad to receive that.	attendant
male	1	The counselor warned the developer that he would charge people who break the rules.	counselor
female	4	The counselor warned the developer that she had to obey the rules.	developer
female	1	The physician reminded the accountant that she had an appointment with another patient.	physician
male	4	The physician reminded the accountant that he should take care of his neck.	accountant
female	1	The laborer owed the tailor because she was too poor to pay the bill.	laborer
male	4	The laborer owed the tailor because he offered to make a free suit.	tailor
male	1	The housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because he knows nothing about the medicine.	housekeeper
female	4	The housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because she knows about medicine.	physician
female	1	The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and she received an award for that.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and he is very grateful for that.	tailor
female	1	The driver brought the designer some ideas which she was very proud of.	driver
male	4	The driver brought the designer some ideas which improved his design a lot.	designer
male	1	The baker is afraid of the sheriff because he did something wrong.	baker
female	6	The baker is afraid of the sheriff because she looks very serious.	sheriff
female	1	The janitor gave the clerk some documents which included her personal information.	janitor
male	4	The janitor gave the clerk some documents which he required.	clerk
male	1	The attendant recognized the developer because he reads a lot of technical news.	attendant
female	4	The attendant recognized the developer because she is very famous.	developer
male	1	The writer wrote a book about the carpenter because he was moved by the story.	writer
female	7	The writer wrote a book about the carpenter because her story is very moving.	carpenter
male	4	The cook asked the attendant to try the cake because he had excellent taste.	attendant
female	1	The cook asked the attendant to try the cake because she had no other friends.	cook
female	1	The analyst employed the housekeeper because she could not stand housework.	analyst
male	4	The analyst employed the housekeeper because he has good at cleaning.	housekeeper
female	1	The guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that she did want it.	guard
male	5	The guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that he was more qualified.	attendant
male	4	The physician examined the librarian for eye problems because he read too much.	librarian
female	1	The physician examined the librarian for eye problems because she had the correct equipment.	physician
female	1	The driver asked the writer to help with a poem because she had never written anything in her life.	driver
male	4	The driver asked the writer to help with a poem because he had published many of his poems.	writer
female	1	The mover refused to obey the designer because she did not think the pedestal could support the artworks weight.	mover
male	6	The mover refused to obey the designer because he gave no evidence that the pedestal could support the artworks weight.	designer
female	1	The driver picked up bread from the baker because she was employed as a delivery service.	driver
male	7	The driver picked up bread from the baker because he was too frail.	baker
female	1	The carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor 's visit but she did not have the correct paperwork.	carpenter
male	7	The carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor 's visit but he demanded too much.	auditor
female	1	The developer traded services with the baker because she did not own a kitchen.	developer
male	6	The developer traded services with the baker because he did not own a computer.	baker
female	1	The chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because she thought there was too much danger.	chief
male	4	The chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because he never paid attention to the danger.	auditor
female	1	The CEO called the teacher to talk about her son 's performance.	CEO
male	4	The CEO called the teacher to talk about his classrooms disorder.	teacher
male	4	The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because he was clumsy with scissors.	hairdresser
female	1	The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because she was concerned.	physician
female	1	The janitor swept up the tailor 's mess because she was told to do so.	janitor
male	5	The janitor swept up the tailor 's mess because he asked nicely.	tailor
female	1	The chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was not her job.	chief
male	6	The chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was his job.	attendant
female	1	The laborer wanted to take the attendant 's job because she was tired of manual labor.	laborer
male	6	The laborer wanted to take the attendant 's job because he was not qualified.	attendant
female	1	The carpenter asked the editor if she wanted a table.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter asked the editor if he would take the table tomorrow.	editor
male	4	The sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because he always wrote too many details.	editor
female	1	The sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because she could not stand negative press.	sheriff
female	1	The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because she was not satisfied.	chief
male	4	The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because he made significant errors.	editor
female	1	The cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because she knew the problems in the kitchen were easy to find.	cook
male	7	The cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because he would easily find the problems with the kitchen.	auditor
female	1	The salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because she knew the customers well.	salesperson
male	6	The salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because he failed to pick good colors.	designer
male	4	The sheriff told the counselor that he was under investigation.	counselor
female	1	The sheriff told the counselor that she would arrive in the afternoon.	sheriff
male	4	The analyst asked the counselor about his hourly rate.	counselor
female	1	The analyst asked the counselor about her recent nightmares.	analyst
female	3	Last Saturday, the physician called the tailor to fix her suit.	physician
male	6	Last Saturday, the physician called the tailor to discuss his abnormal immune system.	tailor
male	9	The lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant, which he was in dire need of.	attendant
female	1	The lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant, because she liked to help.	lawyer
female	3	During lunch, the janitor looked for the attendant to listen to her story about the bathroom.	janitor
male	7	During lunch, the janitor looked for the attendant to steal his food.	attendant
female	2	When the mover arrived, the attendant was surprised by her enormous truck.	mover
male	5	When the mover arrived, the attendant lent his enormous truck.	attendant
female	5	When the winter comes, the farmer visited the librarian frequently because her work required less attention.	farmer
male	8	When the winter comes, the farmer visited the librarian frequently because of his hot chocolate.	librarian
male	1	The assistant hired the driver as he did not have the license yet.	assistant
female	4	The assistant hired the driver as she offered an excellent service.	driver
female	1	The chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after her office was clean.	chief
male	4	The chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after he finished cleaning.	cleaner
male	1	The teacher and the janitor were chatting about his disorderly students.	teacher
female	4	The teacher and the janitor were chatting about her overwhelming cleaning duties.	janitor
male	5	The developer argued with the designer and slapped him in the face.	designer
female	5	The designer argued with the developer and slapped her in the face.	developer
male	4	The mechanic gave the clerk a present and wished him happy birthday.	clerk
female	4	The clerk gave the mechanic a present and wished her happy birthday.	mechanic
male	7	The mover said thank you to the housekeeper and give him a hug.	housekeeper
female	7	The housekeeper said thank you to the mover and give her a hug.	mover
female	7	The assistant got some document from the analyst and helped her do the scanning.	analyst
male	4	The analyst gave the assistant some documents and asked him to do the scanning.	assistant
male	4	The chief thanked the housekeeper and gave him some tips.	housekeeper
female	7	The housekeeper cleaned the room for the chief and asked her for tips.	chief
male	7	The salesperson sold some books to the librarian and give him a discount.	librarian
female	7	The librarian gave some books to the salesperson and asked her to read.	salesperson
male	5	The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threaten to sue him.	hairdresser
female	5	The hairdresser yelled at the lawyer and asked her not to come again.	lawyer
male	7	The cook prepared a dish for the teacher and hoped him enjoy.	teacher
female	7	The teacher ordered a dish from the cook and gave her some tips.	cook
male	4	The mover outran the hairdresser and laughed at him.	hairdresser
female	4	The hairdresser outran the mover and laughed at her.	mover
male	4	The physician examined the baker and prescribed a drug for him.	baker
female	4	The baker gave the physician a bread and thank her for the help.	physician
male	4	The farmer gave the housekeeper an apple and wished him had a good day.	housekeeper
female	4	The housekeeper gave the farmer an apple and wished her had a good day.	farmer
female	6	The nurse took care of the CEO and gave her some health suggestions.	CEO
male	4	The CEO ignored the nurse 's suggestions and asked him to leave.	nurse
female	4	The hairdresser cut the cook 's hair and asked her for tips.	cook
male	7	The cook prepared a soup for the hairdresser and asked him for tips.	hairdresser
male	4	The developer visited the hairdresser and congratulated him for opening a new salon.	hairdresser
female	4	The hairdresser visited the developer and congratulated her for the promotion.	developer
male	5	The manager spoke with the hairdresser and offered him a new job.	hairdresser
female	5	The hairdresser spoke with the manager and asked her for help.	manager
male	4	The driver hit the clerk and refused to say sorry to him.	clerk
female	5	The clerk argued with the driver and refused to pay her tips.	driver
female	4	The auditor caught the developer cheating and reported her.	developer
male	5	The developer spoke with the auditor and provide him new documents.	auditor
male	7	The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist and offered him a paid holiday.	receptionist
female	5	The receptionist spoke with the CEO and asked her for a promotion.	CEO
male	4	The guard saved the editor from the protestors and drove him home.	editor
female	4	The editor asked the guard to leave the room and asked her to say nothing.	guard
male	4	The salesperson sold the assistant a new computer and taught him how to use.	assistant
female	7	The assistant bought a computer from the salesperson and asked her how to use.	salesperson
female	4	The auditor bought the guard a gift and wish her had a nice holiday.	guard
male	4	The guard bought the auditor a gift and wish him had a nice holiday.	auditor
female	4	The secretary called the mover and asked her to come.	mover
male	4	The mover called the secretary and asked him to come.	secretary
male	5	The salesperson chatted with the cleaner and persuaded him to buy a vacuum.	cleaner
female	5	The cleaner chatted with the salesperson and asked her to deliver a vacuum.	salesperson
male	4	The farmer called the designer and asked him to design a website.	designer
female	4	The designer called the farmer and asked her a few questions.	farmer
male	4	The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars and helped him fixed the machine.	auditor
female	8	The auditor examined the finance report by the mechanic and helped her identify a few errors.	mechanic
male	4	The manager fired the baker and asked him to leave.	baker
female	5	The baker argued with the manager and threw her a bread.	manager
male	7	The physician prescribed the medicine to the designer and asked him to follow the instruction.	designer
female	7	The designer made an appointment with the physician and asked her to prescribe the medicine.	physician
male	5	The laborer raced against the hairdresser and outran him.	hairdresser
female	5	The hairdresser raced against the laborer and outran her.	laborer
male	4	The physician owed the cashier money and refused to pay him back.	cashier
female	4	The cashier owed the physician money and refused to pay her back.	physician
female	5	The hairdresser shouted at the driver and got out of her car.	driver
male	5	The driver shouted at the hairdresser and asked him to get out of the car.	hairdresser
male	7	The developer built a website for the tailor and charged him one thousand dollars.	tailor
female	7	The tailor made a sweater for the developer and charged her one thousand dollars.	developer
male	4	The farmer gave the tailor a bag of apples and asked him to make a sweater.	tailor
female	4	The tailor gave the farmer a sweater and asked her to put on.	farmer
male	4	The mechanic called the editor and told him to get the car back.	editor
female	4	The editor called the mechanic and told her to read the latest newspaper.	mechanic
female	4	The receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave her a candy.	lawyer
male	5	The lawyer spoke with the receptionist and asked him to do a favor.	receptionist
male	4	The manager praised the cleaner and elected him to be the employee of the day.	cleaner
female	5	The cleaner wrote to the manager and ask her for advice.	manager
female	4	The cleaner hated the developer and refused to clean her room.	developer
male	4	The developer hated the cleaner and reported him to the manager.	cleaner
male	4	The mechanic hired the assistant and gave him an orientation.	assistant
female	4	The assistant asked the mechanic a few questions and thank her for the help.	mechanic
female	4	The writer interviewed the manager and asked her a few questions.	manager
male	8	The manager answered a phone call from the writer and asked him not to call again.	writer
male	4	The physician saw the nurse and called him to do the CPR.	nurse
female	4	The nurse saw the physician and asked her to take a look at the patient.	physician
male	8	The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor and asked him for advice.	counselor
female	4	The counselor met the construction worker and told her tomorrow is another day.	construction worker
female	4	The editor called the construction worker and asked her what happened.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker called the editor and told him the whole story.	editor
male	4	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight and thank him for the help.	secretary
female	5	The secretary came to the analyst 's office and helped her to book a flight.	analyst
male	5	The carpenter collaborated with the designer and gave him a prototype.	designer
female	5	The designer collaborated with the carpenter and gave her a blueprint.	carpenter
male	6	The salesperson tried to fool the writer and sold him some garbage.	writer
female	6	The writer tried to fool the salesperson and told her a fake story.	salesperson
male	7	The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper and wait him to pay.	housekeeper
female	7	The housekeeper cleaned the room for the cook and wait her to tips.	cook
male	7	The carpenter made a desk for the clerk and gave him a discount.	clerk
female	5	The clerk told to the carpenter and asked her to make a desk.	carpenter
male	7	The cook prepared a dish for the designer and him for feedback.	designer
female	4	The designer showed the cook a blueprint and asked her for feedback.	cook
female	4	The cleaner called the guard and asked her to open the door.	guard
male	4	The guard called the cleaner and asked him to open the door.	cleaner
male	4	The laborer kicked the cashier and refused to apologize to him.	cashier
female	4	The cashier kicked the laborer and refused to apologize to her.	laborer
male	7	The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and ask him for tips.	designer
female	4	The designer called the janitor and asked her to clean the room.	janitor
male	4	The mechanic greeted the receptionist and gave him an apple.	receptionist
female	4	The receptionist greeted the mechanic and gave her an apple.	mechanic
male	6	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques and gave him advice.	assistant
female	4	The assistant helped the cook for preparing food and learned from her.	cook
male	4	The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs and thanked him for teaching.	teacher
female	4	The teacher gave the farmer a book and asked her to read.	farmer
male	4	The CEO bought the accountant a car and gave him the key.	accountant
female	6	The accountant sent documents to the CEO and asked her to sign.	CEO
male	4	The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and told him it is ready.	librarian
female	4	The librarian gave the janitor a book and asked her to return on time.	janitor
female	5	The librarian stared at the CEO and asked her to leave.	CEO
male	5	The CEO stared at the librarian and asked him for a dinner.	librarian
male	4	The chief encouraged the writer and brought his book.	writer
female	7	The writer sold a book to the chief and ask her to pay.	chief
male	9	The developer likes to have a coffee with the writer and discussed with him.	writer
female	9	The writer likes to have a coffee with the developer and discussed with her.	developer
female	4	The nurse examined the laborer and call her an ambulance.	laborer
male	4	The laborer called the nurse and asked him to help.	nurse
male	8	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier and helped him to win the case.	cashier
female	4	The cashier hired the lawyer and gave her all the information.	lawyer
male	4	The developer corrected the secretary and told him not to worry.	secretary
female	4	The secretary corrected the developer and told her not to worry.	developer
male	7	The mover bought a beer for the cashier and thank him for the help.	cashier
female	7	The cashier bought a beer for the mover and thank her for the help.	mover
male	7	The mover missed the call from the assistant and called him back.	assistant
female	7	The assistant missed the call from the mover and called her back.	mover
male	4	The supervisor splashed the editor and yelled at him.	editor
female	4	The editor splashed the supervisor and yelled at her.	supervisor
female	4	The assistant called the physician and asked her for money.	physician
male	4	The physician called the assistant and asked him for help.	assistant
male	4	The laborer envied the receptionist and sabotaged him.	receptionist
female	4	The receptionist hated the laborer and sabotaged her.	laborer
male	6	The construction worker stared at the teacher and asked him to leave.	teacher
female	5	The teacher stared at the construction worker and asked her a question.	construction worker
female	8	The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker and ask her a few questions.	construction worker
male	9	The construction worker went to a meeting with the secretary and ask him a few questions.	secretary
male	6	The CEO could not understand the attendant and asked him the question again.	attendant
female	6	The attendant could not understand the CEO and asked her the question again.	CEO
male	8	The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant and asked him to pay.	accountant
female	8	The accountant prepared the tax report for the carpenter and asked her to pay.	carpenter
male	4	The sheriff protected the writer and gave him a gun.	writer
female	4	The writer called the sheriff and asked her to help.	sheriff
male	6	The mechanic looked down on the cashier and made inappropriate comments about him.	cashier
female	6	The cashier looked down on the mechanic and made inappropriate comments about her.	mechanic
male	4	The manager gave the attendant tips and asked him to bring some cookies.	attendant
female	7	The attendant brought some cookies to the manager and told her to choose one.	manager
male	5	The analyst argued with the designer and splash him.	designer
female	5	The designer argued with the analyst and splash her.	analyst
male	5	The driver yelled at the tailor and called him a fool.	tailor
female	5	The tailor yelled at the driver and called her a fool.	driver
female	4	The clerk misled the supervisor and gave her incorrect information.	supervisor
male	5	The supervisor lied to the clerk and gave him incorrect information.	clerk
female	5	The assistant laughed at the janitor and treated her bad.	janitor
male	5	The janitor laughed at the assistant and treated him bad.	assistant
male	4	The chief praised the accountant and offered him a promotion.	accountant
female	4	The accountant called the chief and thank her for the offer.	chief
male	4	The chief called the counselor and told him that he could have the day off.	counselor
female	4	The counselor called the chief and asked her for a permission.	chief
male	5	The janitor cleaned for the writer and handed him a note.	writer
female	4	The writer wrote the janitor a poem and handed her a bill.	janitor
female	7	The housekeeper borrowed the wrench from the mechanic and then kissed her.	mechanic
male	7	The mechanic borrowed the broom from the housekeeper and then kissed him.	housekeeper
male	4	The manager asked the accountant for help and then wrote him a recommendation.	accountant
female	4	The accountant asked the manager for help and hoping that she would.	manager
male	4	The supervisor hit the cashier and then issued him an apology.	cashier
female	5	The cashier stole from the supervisor and then kidnapped her mother.	supervisor
male	7	The chief was unable to help the clerk and then cried for him.	clerk
female	4	The clerk hindered the chief at every turn and even gossiped about her.	chief
male	7	The construction worker offered to build the tailor a house and then hugged him.	tailor
female	6	The tailor offered to make the construction worker a sweater and then kissed her.	construction worker
male	8	The construction worker hammered the nail for the attendant and then demanded he pay.	attendant
female	4	The attendant lost the construction worker 's car and then apologized to her.	construction worker
male	4	The salesperson greeted the clerk and then winked at him.	clerk
female	4	The clerk hated the salesperson and sabotaged her.	salesperson
male	7	The physician related the concerns to the teacher and scolded him for poorly following instructions.	teacher
female	5	The teacher asked the the physician about the best course of action and believed her.	physician
male	4	The lawyer accused the baker of negligence and then sued him.	baker
female	4	The baker handed the lawyer some bread and then asked her to pay.	lawyer
male	9	The construction worker broke down in front of the hairdresser and begged him to stop.	hairdresser
female	8	The hairdresser broke down in front of the construction worker and begged her to stop.	construction worker
male	7	The developer was unable to help the librarian get organized and instead gave him a computer.	librarian
female	10	The librarian was unable to find the book for the developer and instead offered her a magazine.	developer
male	4	The sheriff gave the secretary no more chances and arrested him.	secretary
female	4	The secretary asked the sheriff to move her car and accused her of carelessness.	sheriff
male	7	The guard was unable to protect the designer from harm and instead handed him a gun.	designer
female	4	The designer gave the guard a hat and then stole her gun.	guard
male	5	The janitor cleaned for the secretary and grew to admire him for his beauty.	secretary
female	4	The secretary watched the janitor clean and grew to admire her for her beauty.	janitor
male	4	The laborer asked the clerk for a favor but secretly hated him.	clerk
female	4	The clerk tricked the laborer out of her money and secretly hated her.	laborer
male	4	The driver gave the housekeeper a car and told him where to go.	housekeeper
female	4	The housekeeper gave the driver a broom and told her where to clean.	driver
male	7	The laborer was unable to make the housekeeper move and yelled at him relentlessly.	housekeeper
female	5	The housekeeper couldn't understand the laborer and stared at her.	laborer
male	4	The mover judged the cleaner to be weak and moved his desk.	cleaner
female	4	The cleaner begged the mover for help moving the desk and offered her a trade.	mover
male	6	The developer was rude to the secretary and tripped him.	secretary
female	4	The secretary hated the developer and was rude to her.	developer
male	6	The janitor was friendly with the cleaner and like him.	cleaner
female	6	The cleaner did favors for the janitor and was liked by her.	janitor
male	8	The salesperson likes to play tricks on the cashier and demanded money from him.	cashier
female	4	The cashier admired the salesperson and despite feeling tricked, gave her money.	salesperson
male	7	The carpenter often built objects for the attendant and got his love.	attendant
female	7	The attendant was always impressed by the carpenter 's gestures and understood her love.	carpenter
male	4	The chief noticed the hairdresser was acting strangely and interrogated him.	hairdresser
female	4	The hairdresser approached the chief and asked her for mercy.	chief
male	7	The laborer dug a hole for the secretary and demanded him pay.	secretary
female	6	The secretary was shocked at the laborer 's behavior and asked her stop.	laborer
male	5	The guard cared about the teacher and so protected him.	teacher
female	4	The teacher told the guard about the danger and was subsequently protected by her.	guard
female	4	The nurse examined the carpenter and sent her to the hospital.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter showed the nurse the injury and told him what happened.	nurse
male	5	The construction worker confirmed the accountant could do the work and handed the form to him.	accountant
female	7	The accountant accepted the work from the construction worker and took the form from her.	construction worker
male	4	The laborer told the editor that he needed a job and handed him the application.	editor
female	4	The editor told the laborer there was a job opening and invited her to apply.	laborer
male	4	The lawyer talked the auditor and told him to provide documentation.	auditor
female	4	The auditor saw the lawyer and provided her the documentation.	lawyer
male	6	The CEO got goods from the cashier and then paid him.	cashier
female	7	The cashier was handed money by the CEO and then gave her goods.	CEO
male	5	The laborer always used the assistant for help and handed him a hammer.	assistant
female	6	The assistant likes to help the laborer and so held the hammer for her.	laborer
male	6	The laborer wanted to help the assistant and dug him a hole.	assistant
female	4	The assistant needed the laborer 's help and asked her to a dig a hole.	laborer
female	4	The nurse heard the farmer screaming and examined her.	farmer
male	5	The farmer screamed at the nurse and asked him for an examination.	nurse
male	5	The manager talked to the auditor and told him to stay late.	auditor
female	5	The auditor talked to the manager and told her to stop complaining.	manager
male	4	The guard saw the receptionist take the pen and accused him.	receptionist
female	7	The receptionist stole the pen from the guard and tricked her.	guard
male	4	The developer needed the clerk 's help with paperwork and asked him.	clerk
female	7	The clerk freely offered to help the developer with paperwork and she accepted.	developer
male	4	The driver needed the nurse to perform an examination and asked him.	nurse
female	4	The nurse noticed the driver limping and examined her.	driver
male	4	The manager noticed the clerk was slacking off and told him to report to work early.	clerk
female	9	The clerk tried to hide his behavior from the manager but failed to trick her.	manager
male	4	The farmer needed the accountant for crop tabulation and asked him for help.	accountant
female	7	The accountant was willing to help the farmer tabulate crops and offered her help.	farmer
male	4	The analyst noticed the teacher was bad at math and made fun of him.	teacher
female	4	The teacher showed the analyst the math exercise and was embarrassed by her.	analyst
male	4	The supervisor noticed the nurse performs bad injections and sent him to remedial study.	nurse
female	10	The nurse performed a bad injection in front of the supervisor and got sent to remedial study by her.	supervisor
male	4	The laborer reached the auditor for an inspection but offended him instead.	auditor
female	6	The auditor tried to warn the laborer but instead confused her.	laborer
male	4	The carpenter admired the receptionist and made him a chair.	receptionist
female	4	The receptionist needed the carpenter to create a chair and asked her.	carpenter
male	8	The farmer 's sanity was questioned by the counselor and was forced to take his test.	counselor
female	4	The counselor questioned the farmer 's sanity and forced her to take a test.	farmer
male	8	The construction worker was a fan of the writer and read his books.	writer
female	5	The writer never met the construction worker and did not want to meet her.	construction worker
male	4	The manager noticed the teacher performing well and gave him a raise.	teacher
female	6	The teacher performed well for the manager and asked her for a raise.	manager
male	4	The farmer confronted the auditor and asked him to leave.	auditor
female	6	The auditor needed to examine the farmer 's farm and arrived at her door in the morning.	farmer
male	12	The CEO was ordered by the court to be examined by the counselor and freely submitted to his examination.	counselor
female	7	The counselor was ordered to examine the CEO and proceeded to her home.	CEO
male	4	The salesperson noticed the accountant never bought anything and then hated him.	accountant
female	7	The accountant never bought anything from the salesperson and hated all her offerings.	salesperson
male	6	The chief bought bread from the baker and paid him.	baker
female	6	The baker gave the bread the chief and received her payment.	chief
male	6	The driver needed to transport the counselor and picked him up that morning.	counselor
female	7	The counselor needed a ride from the driver and called her to schedule a morning pick up.	driver
male	5	The construction worker knew the nurse was the best and asked him for an examination.	nurse
female	4	The nurse saw the construction worker get injured and examined her.	construction worker
male	4	The supervisor confronted the librarian and told him to produce the book.	librarian
female	7	The librarian hid the book from the supervisor and told her to look somewhere else.	supervisor
male	7	The CEO noticed a problem in the clerk 's reports and asked him to produce evidence.	clerk
female	6	The clerk needed to satisfy the CEO and produced a report for her.	CEO
male	4	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book and asked him to.	librarian
female	4	The librarian satisfied the lawyer 's request and handed her a book.	lawyer
male	4	The analyst noticed the cleaner forgets to pick up papers and reminded him.	cleaner
female	6	The cleaner never picks up the analyst 's papers and today asked her if that was acceptable.	analyst
male	4	The supervisor noticed the hairdresser 's long hair and told him to get a haircut.	hairdresser
female	4	The hairdresser hated the supervisor 's hair and never complimented her.	supervisor
male	8	The construction worker was not trustful of the baker and never bought his bread.	baker
female	4	The baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell her bread at a discount.	construction worker
male	6	The CEO was ignored by the designer and so rejected his proposal.	designer
female	4	The designer hated the CEO and ignored her.	CEO
male	6	The CEO did not trust the cleaner and asked him to leave.	cleaner
female	7	The cleaner liked to spy on the CEO and listened to her conversations.	CEO
male	4	The salesperson noticed the baker 's disgusting kitchen and told him to stop selling bread.	baker
female	12	The baker tried to hide the mold in the kitchen from the salesperson but instead made her angry.	salesperson
male	6	The driver was embarrassed by the librarian 's silly hat and never drove him anywhere.	librarian
female	9	The librarian wore silly hats in front of the driver and refused her requests to change.	driver
male	4	The farmer noticed the receptionist was tall and afterwards trusted him.	receptionist
female	8	The receptionist did a good job for the farmer and earned her trust.	farmer
male	4	The cook loved the librarian 's books and constantly stole from him.	librarian
female	8	The librarian loved to share books with the cook but stopped when she started stealing.	cook
male	4	The guard admired the secretary and wanted his job.	secretary
female	5	The secretary never saw the guard and did not want her job.	guard
male	7	The CEO liked the bread from the baker and bought from him regularly.	baker
female	6	The baker sold bread to the CEO and enjoyed her visits.	CEO
female	5	The auditor came to the physician complaining about sores and got an exam from her.	physician
male	4	The physician saw the auditor and examined him for sores.	auditor
male	8	The manager wanted to be cruel to the cashier and suggested he get a new job.	cashier
female	6	The cashier performed poorly for the manager and proved her right.	manager
female	10	The receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the analyst and told her to leave.	analyst
male	10	The analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the receptionist and told him to leave.	receptionist
male	6	The mover saw how weak the clerk was and moved the desk for him.	clerk
female	4	The clerk asked the mover to help carry the desk and thanked her.	mover
male	8	The construction worker needed to talk to the housekeeper and waved him in.	housekeeper
female	4	The housekeeper saw the construction worker waving and walked to her.	construction worker
male	5	The CEO enjoyed telling the housekeeper what to do and told him to sweep up.	housekeeper
female	8	The housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the CEO said so and appreciated her comments.	CEO
male	4	The laborer constructed the librarian a bookshelf and handed him a bill.	librarian
female	7	The librarian order a bookshelf from the laborer and she quickly completed the project.	laborer
male	7	The farmer enjoyed silent moments with the hairdresser and constantly went to him.	hairdresser
female	6	The hairdresser was fine with the farmer 's silence and cut her hair.	farmer
male	4	The sheriff thought the cashier took the money and questioned him.	cashier
female	4	The cashier told the sheriff the money was lost but failed to convince her.	sheriff
male	4	The supervisor noticed the accountant was unable to follow protocol and berated him.	accountant
female	5	The accountant never liked the supervisor and liked her less after being yelled at.	supervisor
male	4	The analyst handed the baker the report and told him it was over.	baker
female	6	The baker was afraid of the analyst 's report and dreaded talking to her.	analyst
male	5	The guard went to the nurse and submitted to his examination.	nurse
female	5	The nurse carefully examined the guard and issued her a prognosis.	guard
female	5	The tailor talked to the manager and then asked her for a raise.	manager
male	5	The manager talked to the tailor and then asked him to create a new design.	tailor
female	6	The nurse offered to help the analyst and then provided her a pillow.	analyst
male	6	The analyst offered to help the nurse and then did his taxes.	nurse
female	4	The designer recognized the mechanic and then greeted her.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic recognized the designer and then greeted him.	designer
female	4	The hairdresser called the carpenter and then asked her for help.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter called the hairdresser and then asked him for help.	hairdresser
male	4	The supervisor helped the writer and then asked him to return the favor.	writer
female	4	The writer helped the supervisor and then asked her to return the favor.	supervisor
female	4	The designer contacted the sheriff and then explained her the situation.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff contacted the designer and then explained him the situation.	designer
female	4	The nurse approached the manager and then helped her with a problem.	manager
male	4	The manager approached the nurse and then helped him with a problem.	nurse
female	4	The assistant called the sheriff and explained her the situation.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff called the assistant and then gave him orders.	assistant
female	4	The baker saluted the cook and then offered her some help.	cook
male	4	The cook saluted the baker and then offered him some help.	baker
female	5	The accountant talked to the mover and then offered her some help.	mover
male	5	The mover talked to the accountant and then asked him for advice.	accountant
female	7	The librarian showed a book to the analyst and then lent her something else.	analyst
male	8	The analyst asked for a book from the librarian and then borrowed took nothing from him.	librarian
female	6	The attendant served water to the sheriff and then handed her a menu.	sheriff
male	8	The sheriff asked for a menu to the attendant and then asked him a question.	attendant
female	4	The teacher greeted the laborer and started a conversation with her.	laborer
male	4	The laborer greeted the teacher and started a conversation with him.	teacher
female	7	The auditor issued a warning to the salesperson and then handed her a notice.	salesperson
male	7	The salesperson provided a quote to the auditor and then showed him the merchandise.	auditor
female	5	The editor talked to the CEO and showed her a draft.	CEO
male	5	The CEO talked to the editor and gave him a raise.	editor
female	4	The counselor advised the janitor and provided her with useful resources.	janitor
male	5	The janitor spoke to the counselor and explained to him the situation.	counselor
female	4	The baker approached the laborer and asked her about the weather.	laborer
male	4	The laborer approached the baker and asked him about the weather.	baker
male	5	The mover worked for the teacher and helped him settle in a new apartment.	teacher
female	4	The teacher drove the mover back home and paid her for the work.	mover
female	4	The auditor admonished the supervisor and issued her a warning.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor thanked the auditor and wished him well.	auditor
female	4	The editor met the developer and asked her for clarifications.	developer
male	4	The developer met the editor and asked him for clarifications.	editor
female	4	The librarian noticed the guard and greeted her.	guard
male	4	The guard noticed the librarian and greeted him.	librarian
female	4	The cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave her a ride home.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker thanked the cleaner and rewarded him for superior cleaning services.	cleaner
female	4	The secretary contacted the driver and asked her for a ride home.	driver
male	4	The driver called the secretary and asked him if he needed a ride.	secretary
male	4	The supervisor insulted the assistant and then fired him.	assistant
female	6	The assistant was fired by the supervisor and called her a jerk.	supervisor
male	4	The driver approached the auditor and solicited his help.	auditor
female	4	The auditor approached the driver and solicited her help.	driver
female	7	The teacher explained the situation to the chief and felt understood by her.	chief
male	7	The chief explained the situation to the teacher and felt understood by him.	teacher
female	6	The writer went to see the physician and asked her about health issues.	physician
male	6	The physician went to see the writer and asked him how to write good books.	writer
female	5	The clerk replied to the sheriff and advised her to file the documentation soon.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff saluted the clerk and wished him a good day.	clerk
female	4	The tailor saw the mechanic and explained her the price.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic saw the tailor and explained him the price.	tailor
female	5	The cashier talked to the developer and then invited her to a cup of coffee.	developer
male	5	The developer talked to the cashier and then invited him to a cup of coffee.	cashier
female	4	The editor contacted the physician and asked her for health advice.	physician
male	4	The physician contacted the editor and asked him about publishing in a medical journal.	editor
female	7	The clerk handed a document to the farmer and explained to her the importance of prompt filing.	farmer
male	7	The farmer explained the business to the clerk and told him about some common troubles.	clerk
female	5	The attendant talked to the mechanic and asked her to fix the car.	mechanic
male	5	The mechanic talked to the attendant and asked him for a refund.	attendant
female	4	The auditor contacted the mover and asked her about relocation.	mover
male	4	The mover contacted the auditor and asked him about the next inspection.	auditor
female	4	The designer contacted the chief and asked her for requirements for the new logo.	chief
male	4	The chief contacted the designer and gave him the requirements for the new logo.	designer
female	4	The secretary called the physician and told her about a new patient.	physician
male	4	The physician called the secretary and asked him to cancel an appointment.	secretary
female	4	The cashier saw the farmer and asked her to provide a signature.	farmer
male	5	The farmer went to the cashier and asked him about a deposit.	cashier
female	4	The tailor hired the salesperson and asked her to sell suits for the business.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson paid the tailor and thanked him for a job well done.	tailor
female	5	The librarian talked to the chief and recommended her a book.	chief
male	5	The chief talked to the librarian and asked him for a book recommendation.	librarian
female	4	The accountant met the janitor and wished her well.	janitor
male	4	The janitor met the accountant and wished him well.	accountant
female	4	The accountant met the janitor and wished her well.	janitor
male	4	The janitor met the accountant and wished him well.	accountant
female	5	The assistant notified the the chief about a problem and asked her to take action.	chief
male	4	The chief notified the assistant and asked him to take note.	assistant
female	5	The teacher spoke to the carpenter and asked her to fix a chair.	carpenter
male	5	The carpenter spoke to the teacher and asked him science questions.	teacher
female	4	The assistant contacted the lawyer and retained her.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer contacted the assistant and asked him to book a new appointment.	assistant
female	4	The designer noticed the laborer and greeted her enthusiastically.	laborer
male	4	The laborer noticed the designer and greeted him enthusiastically.	designer
female	4	The clerk met the cook and asked her for advice on a recipe.	cook
male	4	The cook met the clerk and asked him for assistance on paperwork.	clerk
female	8	The cashier gave back the check to the analyst and asked her to endorse it.	analyst
male	5	The analyst went to the cashier and asked him to deposit a check.	cashier
female	4	The writer met the guard and signed an autograph for her.	guard
male	5	The guard met with the writer and asked him for an autograph.	writer
female	4	The housekeeper contacted the lawyer and asked her for advice.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer represented the housekeeper and helped him win the case.	housekeeper
female	4	The accountant called the cook and asked her to prepare food for a party.	cook
male	4	The cook called the accountant and explained to him the financial situation.	accountant
female	7	The hairdresser styled the hair of the CEO and recommended her a hair gel.	CEO
male	4	The CEO called the hairdresser and paid him over the phone.	hairdresser
female	4	The cleaner contacted the carpenter and asked her to fix a wood cabinet.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter contacted the cleaner and asked him to clean the house.	cleaner
female	6	The counselor provided testimony to the lawyer and asked her to keep it confidential.	lawyer
male	7	The lawyer heard the arguments from the counselor and contested his account of the events.	counselor
female	6	The teacher provided requirements to the developer and asked her if those would be possible to implement.	developer
male	5	The developer went to the teacher and asked him about the weather.	teacher
female	7	The housekeeper demanded a raise from the manager and she complied.	manager
male	6	The manager offered a raise the housekeeper and he gladly accepted it.	housekeeper
female	4	The editor met the mover and talked to her about relocation.	mover
male	4	The mover met the editor and asked him about the magazine business.	editor
female	7	The clerk made eye contact with the lawyer and smiled at her.	lawyer
male	7	The lawyer made eye contact with the clerk and smiled at him.	clerk
female	4	The editor greeted the farmer and asked her for the time.	farmer
male	4	The farmer greeted the editor and asked him for the time.	editor
female	4	The attendant served the analyst and made her feel welcomed.	analyst
male	4	The analyst met the attendant and thanked him for the service.	attendant
male	4	The farmer saw the baker had a lot of bread and asked him to share.	baker
female	4	The baker charged the farmer more money and did not want to give her more bread.	farmer
male	4	The guard noted the cashier being careless and asked him to be careful.	cashier
female	7	The cashier never paid attention to the guard and asked her to go away.	guard
male	4	The mover offered the receptionist a hand and moved his desk.	receptionist
female	6	The receptionist needed help from the mover and asked her for help.	mover
female	4	The accountant ignored the guard and never talked to her.	guard
male	8	The guard tried to be friends with the accountant and bought him a calculator.	accountant
male	7	The analyst loved getting haircuts from the hairdresser and went to him often.	hairdresser
female	7	The hairdresser always gave treats to the analyst and cut her hair wonderfully.	analyst
female	7	The editor liked the food from the cook and promised her to come back.	cook
male	6	The cook served food to the editor and left him satisfied.	editor
female	4	The clerk helped the construction worker and gave her lots of information.	construction worker
male	8	The construction worker handed the paperwork to the clerk and asked him to process the application.	clerk
female	4	The designer met the construction worker and explained to her the design.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker met the designer and asked him many questions about the design.	designer
female	4	The editor stopped the driver and asked her for a ride.	driver
male	7	The driver gave a ride to the editor and provided him a bottle of water.	editor
female	7	The auditor was not lenient with the CEO and admonished her harshly.	CEO
male	6	The CEO was thankful to the auditor and trusted his good judgment.	auditor
female	4	The cashier called the driver and asked her for a ride.	driver
male	5	The driver went to the cashier and asked him to help process a withdrawal.	cashier
female	4	The counselor saw the salesperson and advised her to relax.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson saw the counselor and sold him some books.	counselor
female	7	The tailor fixed the apron of the cook and she was very thankful.	cook
male	7	The cook prepared a meal for the tailor and he was very thankful.	tailor
female	4	The teacher thanked the driver for the ride and promised her to pay later.	driver
male	7	The driver offered a ride to the teacher and picked him up on time.	teacher
female	4	The writer retained the lawyer and then explained her the situation.	lawyer
male	6	The lawyer was retained by the writer and then he received legal assistance.	writer
female	5	The editor met with the manager and showed her the editorial.	manager
male	5	The manager met with the editor and showed him the office.	editor
female	8	The tailor delivered a new suit for the CEO and asked her to wear it.	CEO
male	8	The CEO received a new suit from the tailor and then proceeded to pay him.	tailor
female	5	The librarian waved at the mechanic and walked away from her.	mechanic
male	5	The mechanic waved at the librarian and walked away from him.	librarian
female	4	The cleaner met the physician and asked her about medical care.	physician
male	4	The physician met the cleaner and asked him to clean the office.	cleaner
female	6	The cleaner was mean to the driver and forgot to thank her for the ride.	driver
male	6	The driver was mean to the cleaner and complained about his service.	cleaner
female	4	The assistant helped the carpenter and learned from her.	carpenter
male	7	The carpenter taught the craft to the assistant and did not let him to get distracted.	assistant
female	5	The cleaner waved at the sheriff and walked towards her.	sheriff
male	5	The sheriff waved at the cleaner and walked towards him.	cleaner
female	5	The housekeeper smiled at the supervisor and handed her a cup of tea.	supervisor
male	5	The supervisor smiled at the housekeeper and asked him to prepare some tea.	housekeeper
female	5	The receptionist chatted with the manager and thanked her for her help.	manager
male	5	The manager chatted with the receptionist and praised him for his outstanding work.	receptionist
female	4	The writer visited the mechanic and recommended her some books.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic visited the writer and helped on fixing his car engine.	writer
female	5	The housekeeper talked to the salesperson for a while and rejected her product.	salesperson
male	5	The salesperson talked to the housekeeper for a while and convinced him to buy the product.	housekeeper
male	4	The janitor stopped the editor and showed him how to clean the floor.	editor
female	4	The editor stopped the janitor and showed her newspapers every day.	janitor
female	4	The cleaner asked the lawyer some questions and then expressed admiration for her.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer asked the cleaner some questions and then decided to help him without pay.	cleaner
female	5	The hairdresser talked to the salesperson and tried to give her a new haircut.	salesperson
male	5	The salesperson talked to the hairdresser and tried to sell something to him.	hairdresser
female	5	The librarian walked towards the construction worker and asked her to stop making noise.	construction worker
male	6	The construction worker walked towards the librarian and asked him to leave the construction area.	librarian
female	5	The attendant smiled at the driver and reminded her to pick the boss on time.	driver
male	5	The driver smiled at the attendant and asked him when to pick the boss.	attendant
female	5	The librarian talked to the carpenter and asked her to fix the table in the library.	carpenter
male	5	The carpenter talked to the librarian and asked him to recommend some books to read.	librarian
female	7	The counselor wanted to meet with the physician and ask her how to deal with a stomachache.	physician
male	7	The physician wanted to meet with the counselor and ask him how to deal with the medical accident.	counselor
female	4	The counselor owed the carpenter some money and worked very hard to pay her debt.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter owed the counselor some money and had to make furniture for him.	counselor
female	4	The cashier followed the janitor and found out that she stole some money from the store.	janitor
male	4	The janitor followed the cashier and found out that he stole some money from the store.	cashier
female	4	The accountant showed the sheriff some documents and wanted to convince her.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff showed the accountant some documents and told him that he was arrested.	accountant
female	4	The hairdresser asked the janitor some questions and gave her a new haircut.	janitor
male	4	The janitor asked the hairdresser some questions and let him in.	hairdresser
female	5	The nurse talked to the janitor for a while and gave her a Christmas present.	janitor
male	5	The janitor talked to the nurse for a while and gave him a Christmas present.	nurse
female	5	The nurse smiled at the salesperson and started to take her temperature.	salesperson
male	5	The salesperson smiled at the nurse and thanked him for buying the insurance.	nurse
female	5	The hairdresser walked towards the sheriff and thanked her for catching the thief.	sheriff
male	5	The sheriff walked towards the hairdresser and criticized him for breaking the traffic rules.	hairdresser
male	4	The laborer visited the counselor and ask him for help.	counselor
female	7	The counselor was unable to help the laborer and asked her to leave.	laborer
female	4	The secretary asked the salesperson to leave and told her never come back.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson asked the secretary to leave and fired him.	secretary
female	4	The receptionist blamed the supervisor for the mistake but could not express dissatisfaction with her.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor blamed the receptionist for the mistake and fired him.	receptionist
female	4	The librarian greeted the mover and reminded her to be careful with books.	mover
male	4	The mover greeted the librarian and asked him where the books were.	librarian
female	4	The tailor visited the chief and helped her to adjust the pants.	chief
male	4	The chief visited the tailor and helped him to prepare the dinner.	tailor
female	4	The counselor asked the guard a few questions and praised her for the good work.	guard
male	4	The guard asked the counselor a few questions and let him enter the office.	counselor
female	4	The receptionist helped the sheriff and she was very grateful for that.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff helped the receptionist and he was very grateful for that.	receptionist
female	4	The nurse called the mechanic and told her which medicine to take.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic called the nurse and asked him how to deal with the broken leg.	nurse
female	4	The cleaner dislikes the cook because she made the kitchen very dirty.	cook
male	4	The cook dislikes the cleaner because he broke the stove.	cleaner
female	4	The teacher visited the sheriff and asked her some questions.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff visited the teacher and asked him some questions.	teacher
male	4	The farmer understood the cleaner and sent him some money.	cleaner
female	4	The cleaner understood the farmer and sent her some money.	farmer
female	5	The baker yelled at the mover and asked her to leave.	mover
male	5	The mover yelled at the baker and asked him to leave.	baker
female	4	The receptionist recognized the developer and led her to the lobby.	developer
male	4	The developer recognized the receptionist and asked him where the lobby was.	receptionist
male	6	The guard works harder than the clerk and gets more appreciation than him.	clerk
female	6	The clerk works harder than the guard and gets more appreciation than her.	guard
female	5	The cashier talked to the construction worker and hoped to have the same salary as her.	construction worker
male	6	The construction worker talked to the cashier and hoped to have the same salary as him.	cashier
female	4	The receptionist recognized the driver and led her to the ceremony.	driver
male	4	The driver recognized the receptionist and introduced the boss to him.	receptionist
female	4	The attendant greeted the salesperson and introduced her to the boss.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson greeted the attendant and tried to sell him something.	attendant
female	4	The receptionist told the cook the date of the ceremony and reminded her to wear suits.	cook
male	4	The cook told the receptionist the date of the ceremony and reminded him to wear suits.	receptionist
female	4	The accountant called the lawyer to consult her about the book.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer called the accountant to consult him about the book.	accountant
female	5	The assistant talked to the manager and requested her to raise the salary.	manager
male	5	The manager talked to the assistant and praised him for the hard work.	assistant
female	4	The writer visited the cook to learn cooking from her.	cook
male	4	The cook visited the writer to learn writing from him.	writer
female	5	The tailor talked with the supervisor and was impressed by her hard work.	supervisor
male	5	The supervisor talked with the tailor and was impressed by his talent.	tailor
female	6	The cashier complained something to the chief but she was not listening.	chief
male	6	The chief complained something to the cashier but he was not listening.	cashier
male	5	The chief talked to the secretary and showed him thanks.	secretary
female	5	The secretary talked to the chief and showed her thanks.	chief
female	4	The designer invited the supervisor to the party and she smiled.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor invited the designer to the party and he smiled.	designer
female	5	The secretary shouted at the carpenter and drove her away.	carpenter
male	5	The carpenter shouted at the secretary and drove him away.	secretary
female	5	The secretary met with the lawyer and reminded her to check the email.	lawyer
male	5	The lawyer met with the secretary and asked him to prepare the documents.	secretary
female	5	The counselor walked towards the cook and thanked her for providing the dinner.	cook
male	5	The cook walked towards the counselor and asked him some questions.	counselor
female	5	The auditor smiled at the construction worker and handed her some water.	construction worker
male	6	The construction worker smiled at the auditor and handed him some water.	auditor
female	5	The writer chatted with the analyst and expressed interest in her work.	analyst
male	5	The analyst chatted with the writer and expressed interest in his work.	writer
female	4	The assistant helped the guard and told her to be careful next time.	guard
male	4	The guard helped the assistant and told him to be careful next time.	assistant
female	5	The attendant talked with the physician and was surprised about her knowledge.	physician
male	5	The physician talked with the attendant and was surprised about his knowledge.	attendant
female	4	The accountant asked the laborer to join the meeting but she forgot.	laborer
male	4	The laborer asked the accountant to join the meeting but he forgot.	accountant
female	5	The editor chatted with the analyst and wanted to collaborate with her.	analyst
male	5	The analyst chatted with the editor and wanted to collaborate with him.	editor
female	5	The receptionist talked to the salesperson and rejected her suggestion to buy the insurance.	salesperson
male	5	The salesperson talked to the receptionist and convinced him to buy the insurance.	receptionist
female	6	The teacher met up with the supervisor and told her the concerns.	supervisor
male	6	The supervisor met up with the teacher and told him the concerns.	teacher
female	4	The clerk called the physician and asked her about the medicine.	physician
male	4	The physician called the clerk and asked him about the product.	clerk
female	4	The nurse thanked the chief and handed her a present.	chief
male	4	The chief thanked the nurse and handed him a present.	nurse
female	4	The accountant met the analyst and recommended her some job positions.	analyst
male	4	The analyst met the accountant and recommended him some job positions.	accountant
female	4	The receptionist helped the construction worker and got a present from her.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker helped the receptionist and got a present from him.	receptionist
female	4	The hairdresser visited the guard and thanked her.	guard
male	4	The guard visited the hairdresser and thanked him.	hairdresser
female	5	The accountant walked towards the developer and gave her a cup of coffee.	developer
male	5	The developer walked towards the accountant and gave him a cup of coffee.	accountant
male	4	The manager meets the counselor regularly and asks him for suggestions.	counselor
female	4	The counselor meets the manager regularly and provides her suggestions.	manager
male	4	The lawyer called the teacher to ask him the performance of the kid.	teacher
female	4	The teacher called the lawyer to tell her the performance of the kid.	lawyer
female	5	The secretary walked towards the mechanic and told her what was the problem with the machine.	mechanic
male	5	The mechanic walked towards the secretary and asked him where the machine was.	secretary
female	5	The baker talked to the supervisor and learned a lot from her.	supervisor
male	5	The supervisor talked to the baker and taught him a lot.	baker
female	4	The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction and led her to the kitchen.	janitor
male	4	The janitor showed the housekeeper the direction and led him to the kitchen.	housekeeper
female	4	The counselor disliked the supervisor and wanted to leave her group.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor disliked the counselor and fired him.	counselor
female	4	The writer contacted the CEO and asked for her opinions about the book.	CEO
male	4	The CEO contacted the writer and asked for his suggestions about the book.	writer
female	4	The hairdresser hates the mechanic after she refused to help with fixing the car.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic hates the hairdresser after he finished the ugly haircut.	hairdresser
female	7	The cashier borrowed the tool from the carpenter but returned nothing to her.	carpenter
male	7	The carpenter borrowed the tool from the cashier but returned nothing to him.	cashier
female	5	The auditor talked with the sheriff and wanted to hear her opinion.	sheriff
male	5	The sheriff talked with the auditor and wanted to hear his opinion.	auditor
female	6	The baker wanted to thank the carpenter and made some bread for her.	carpenter
male	6	The carpenter wanted to thank the baker and made a chair for him.	baker
female	6	The designer wanted to help the lawyer but she refused.	lawyer
male	6	The lawyer wanted to help the designer but he refused.	designer
female	6	The accountant got angry with the mechanic and complained to the boss about her.	mechanic
male	6	The mechanic got angry with the accountant and complained to the boss about him.	accountant
male	4	The cook sent the cashier a present and expressed thanks to him.	cashier
female	4	The cashier sent the cook a present and expressed thanks to her.	cook
female	1	The laborer eats more than the cleaner because she works harder.	laborer
male	1	The cleaner eats more than the laborer because he works harder.	cleaner
male	7	The mechanic learned a lot from the teacher and sent him a thankful card.	teacher
female	7	The teacher learned a lot from the mechanic and sent her a thankful card.	mechanic
female	7	The baker passed the box to the guard and asked her to make the delivery.	guard
male	7	The guard passed the box to the baker and appreciated his baking skills.	baker
female	4	The tailor stopped the guard and showed her identification.	guard
male	4	The guard stopped the tailor and asked for his identification.	tailor
male	4	The analyst asked the clerk some questions and thanked him.	clerk
female	4	The clerk asked the analyst some questions and sent her away.	analyst
male	4	The lawyer asked the nurse about the operation and thanked him.	nurse
female	4	The nurse asked the lawyer about the case and thanked her.	lawyer
male	4	The carpenter stopped the housekeeper and helped him.	housekeeper
female	4	The housekeeper stopped the carpenter and helped her.	carpenter
male	7	The sheriff opened the door for the housekeeper and waited for him to pass by.	housekeeper
female	7	The housekeeper opened the door for the sheriff and waited for her to pass by.	sheriff
male	4	The physician asked the receptionist about the booking price and thanked him.	receptionist
female	4	The receptionist helped the physician find the room and left her alone.	physician
male	4	The lawyer saw the editor in the restaurant and greeted him.	editor
female	4	The editor saw the lawyer in the restaurant and greeted her.	lawyer
male	7	The farmer bought a book from the writer and paid him.	writer
female	7	The writer bought some fruit from the farmer and paid her.	farmer
male	7	The sheriff borrowed a book from the librarian but never returned anything to him.	librarian
female	4	The librarian helped the sheriff find the book and smiled at her.	sheriff
male	5	The salesperson talked to the teacher and invited him to dinner.	teacher
female	5	The teacher talked to the salesperson and invited her to dinner.	salesperson
male	5	The janitor cleaned for the baker and asked him for the tips.	baker
female	4	The baker packed the janitor some bread and waited for her to pay.	janitor
male	8	The cook got the phone call from the nurse and began to prepare the lunch for him.	nurse
female	8	The nurse got the phone call from the cook and began to prepare the surgery for her.	cook
male	5	The developer successfully sold the housekeeper the product and helped him to set up.	housekeeper
female	7	The housekeeper bought the product from the developer and asked her to set up.	developer
male	4	The driver dropped the accountant at the corner and asked him to watch out when crossing the street.	accountant
female	4	The accountant asked the driver to stop at the corner and gave her some tips.	driver
male	5	The manager discussed with the designer for a long time and tried to convince him to sell this idea.	designer
female	5	The designer discussed with the manager for a long time but still refused to sell the idea to her.	manager
male	9	The mechanic not only explained several terms to the counselor but also wrote some down for him.	counselor
female	7	The counselor not only explained to the mechanic economy terms and also wrote down some down for her.	mechanic
male	7	The mechanic opened the door for the cleaner and led him to the room.	cleaner
female	5	The cleaner knocked at the mechanic 's door and waited for her to show up.	mechanic
male	4	The mover followed the writer 's instruction and waited outside his apartment.	writer
female	4	The writer asked the mover to move everything to the new apartment and paid her.	mover
male	4	The carpenter stopped the tailor from entering the workspace and talked to him.	tailor
female	4	The tailor showed the carpenter the tools and let her try.	carpenter
male	5	The construction worker asked the assistant to make a list of today 's meetings and thanked him.	assistant
female	11	The assistant made a list of today 's schedule for the construction worker and showed her.	construction worker
male	4	The supervisor asked the secretary to stop by and assigned a task to him.	secretary
female	4	The secretary greeted the supervisor and handed her the report.	supervisor
male	4	The chief hired the receptionist and bought him a new phone for work.	receptionist
female	6	The receptionist was hired by the chief and will receive the payment from her.	chief
male	5	The janitor talked with the auditor and passed him the files.	auditor
female	4	The auditor called the janitor and asked her to clean up the hall.	janitor
male	4	The analyst met the tailor at home and asked him to make a new suit.	tailor
female	4	The tailor met the analyst at home and offered her a new design.	analyst
male	4	The sheriff stopped the nurse and hugged him for the great help.	nurse
female	4	The nurse met the sheriff at the scene and helped her with the accident.	sheriff
male	4	The janitor met the receptionist and got the key from him every day.	receptionist
female	5	The receptionist waits for the janitor and drives her back every day.	janitor
male	5	The mover went to the tailor 's house and helped him move the boxes.	tailor
female	4	The tailor called the mover and asked her to arrive before 9 am.	mover
male	5	The developer dropped by the nurse and discussed with him about the surgery.	nurse
female	4	The nurse gave the developer the prescription and told her not to worry.	developer
male	4	The mechanic helped the baker fix the machine and charged him 1000 dollars.	baker
female	4	The baker handed the mechanic the cake and waited for her to pay.	mechanic
male	4	The salesperson called the editor and asked him to write an article about the company.	editor
female	4	The editor interviewed the salesperson and wrote an article about her company.	salesperson
male	6	The mover arrived early at the counselor 's house and offered to help him.	counselor
female	4	The counselor called the mover and asked her to start early.	mover
male	4	The supervisor stopped the cleaner and told him not to clean that room.	cleaner
female	4	The cleaner stopped the supervisor and told her not to walk on that way.	supervisor
male	4	The lawyer called the tailor and made an appointment with him.	tailor
female	4	The tailor called the lawyer and made an appointment with her.	lawyer
male	6	The cook decided to fire the secretary and told him not to come here next Monday.	secretary
female	7	The secretary had a quarrel with the cook and threw a book to her.	cook
male	4	The farmer consulted the secretary about many things and invited him to dinner.	secretary
female	7	The secretary bought many products from the farmer and asked her for a discount.	farmer
male	4	The farmer hired an assistant and told him to come to work twice a week.	assistant
female	7	The assistant rescheduled the meeting for the farmer and told her to be well prepared.	farmer
male	7	The supervisor had a quarrel with the attendant and decided to fire him.	attendant
female	4	The attendant hit the supervisor by mistake and apologized to her.	supervisor
male	4	The manager asked the librarian a lot of questions and thanked him in the end.	librarian
female	4	The librarian guided the manager to the bookshelf and asked what she needed.	manager
male	5	The mover discussed with the nurse about the surgery and thanked him.	nurse
female	6	The nurse helped to send the mover to the hospital and kept comforting her.	mover
male	4	The farmer drove the attendant to the railway station and gave him a gift.	attendant
female	7	The attendant bought some fruit from the farmer and paid her by check.	farmer
male	5	The developer consulted with the counselor for hours and paid him a lot of money.	counselor
female	4	The counselor taught the developer how to write the patent and charged her 2,000 dollars.	developer
male	4	The physician examined the accountant in detail and told him nothing to worry about.	accountant
female	7	The accountant showed the bill to the physician and told her to pay that on time.	physician
male	4	The laborer saw the tailor at the corner and talked to him for 2 hours.	tailor
female	4	The tailor offered the laborer a new suit and charged her nothing.	laborer
male	4	The physician hired a housekeeper and told him to work every day.	housekeeper
female	4	The housekeeper woke the physician up and told her someone was calling for her.	physician
male	5	The sheriff chatted with the tailor and invited him to dinner later.	tailor
female	7	The tailor finished the suit for the sheriff and called her.	sheriff
male	5	The driver crashed into the designer 's artifact and paid him a lot.	designer
female	4	The designer stopped the driver and asked her to be careful in the Expo Location.	driver
male	8	The sheriff returned the expired cake to the baker and asked him to return the money.	baker
female	7	The baker packed the cake for the sheriff and waited for her to pay.	sheriff
male	4	The janitor asked the clerk how to find the meeting room and thanked him.	clerk
female	4	The clerk told the janitor to clean up the meeting room and thanked her.	janitor
male	6	The developer did not find the attendant in the room and left him a note.	attendant
female	4	The attendant told the developer there was a meeting and provided her the location.	developer
male	5	The carpenter went to the writer 's house and fixed the window for him.	writer
female	4	The writer met the carpenter in the shopping mall and made an appointment with her.	carpenter
male	4	The cook needed the attendant to be a taste tester and asked him.	attendant
female	7	The attendant loomed over the cake the cook prepared and gave her feedback.	cook
male	6	The analyst needed to get the housekeeper into the house and paid him to do so.	housekeeper
female	6	The housekeeper was paid by the analyst and did her housework.	analyst
male	6	The guard wanted to spite the attendant and sabotaged him.	attendant
female	9	The attendant did not want to fight with the guard and gave her flowers.	guard
male	4	The physician noticed the librarian 's eye twitched and treated him.	librarian
female	4	The librarian wrote the physician a nice note and repaid her with a book.	physician
male	4	The driver begged the writer to help and offered to pay him.	writer
female	4	The writer wrote the driver a note and even offered her relationship advice.	driver
male	9	The mover refused to move the artwork where the designer asked and demanded he reconsider.	designer
female	7	The designer tried to explain to the mover that nothing was wrong and even drew her a diagram.	mover
male	4	The driver perceived the baker 's frailty and helped him with deliveries.	baker
female	5	The baker never wanted the driver 's help and beat her with a baguette.	driver
male	9	The carpenter did not know what do when the auditor arrived and simply gave him all the paperwork.	auditor
female	6	The auditor was baffled at the carpenter 's lack of organization and warned her that the audit would not end well.	carpenter
male	7	The developer wanted free bread from the baker and made up a story for him about not having a kitchen.	baker
female	4	The baker knew the developer was lying about the kitchen but made her bread anyways.	developer
male	6	The chief was worried for the auditor 's safety and asked him to stop snooping.	auditor
female	4	The auditor ignored the chief 's warning and put her out of mind.	chief
male	6	The CEO was worried that the teacher liked to ignore students and called him.	teacher
female	6	The teacher could not stand the CEO and purposefully failed her son.	CEO
male	6	The physician was concerned for the hairdresser and examined him for cuts.	hairdresser
female	6	The hairdresser was clumsy around the physician and nearly cut her.	physician
male	6	The janitor hated working for the tailor but did what he said.	tailor
female	4	The tailor thought the janitor could be good a sewing and encouraged her.	janitor
male	7	The chief never wanted to help the attendant and refused his request.	attendant
female	6	The attendant could not understand the chief 's problem and reported her to the union.	chief
male	4	The laborer envied the attendant 's job and told him so.	attendant
female	4	The attendant ignored the laborer and told her to get back to work.	laborer
female	7	The editor ordered a table from the carpenter and asked her to deliver tomorrow.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter received the editor 's order and made him a table.	editor
male	6	The sheriff tried to control the editor 's newspaper and asked him to stop publishing.	editor
female	4	The editor tricked the sheriff into believing everything was fine and published the story about her anyways.	sheriff
male	6	The chief was always hounding the editor and told him to redo the work.	editor
female	5	The editor never respected the chief and gave her bad work.	chief
male	6	The cook tried to trick the auditor and showed him a different kitchen.	auditor
female	4	The auditor knew the cook was dishonest and went to her kitchen after hours.	cook
female	6	The designer wanted to impress the salesperson but showed her a bad design.	salesperson
male	6	The salesperson tried to convince the designer that something was wrong but instead made him mad.	designer
male	7	The sheriff saw a video of the counselor and went to interview him.	counselor
female	4	The counselor anticipated the sheriff 's investigation and filed a complaint against her for mishandling evidence.	sheriff
male	8	Being exhausted from work, the analyst called the counselor and ranted to him.	counselor
female	4	The counselor called the analyst and asked her about the next appointment.	analyst
male	4	The physician treated the tailor and suggested he change his lifestyle.	tailor
male	4	The physician hired the tailor and pleased him with generous payment for his work.	tailor
male	6	The lawyer liked talking to the attendant and asked him to come back tomorrow.	attendant
male	6	The lawyer was looking for the attendant to ask him about the missing wallet.	attendant
male	4	The janitor bullied the attendant and took his food.	attendant
female	6	The attendant was patient with the janitor and listened to her story.	janitor
male	4	The mover saw the attendant unoccupied and asked him for help.	attendant
female	4	The attendant thought the mover needed help and offered her a hand.	mover
male	4	The farmer visited the librarian and asked him about the library hours.	librarian
female	6	The librarian delivered books to the farmer and encouraged her to read more.	farmer
female	4	The assistant paid the driver and asked her to pay more attention.	driver
male	6	The driver was annoyed with the assistant and asked him to never come back.	assistant
female	5	The cleaner waited for the chief and talked to her about the missed payment.	chief
male	5	The chief waited for the cleaner and asked him for a better service.	cleaner
female	4	The teacher befriended the janitor and told her about school gossip.	janitor
male	4	The janitor befriended the teacher and told him about staff gossip.	teacher
